hi, how are you doing?	Fine. about yourself? how i'm, Yes, hmmm
i'm fine. how about yourself?	Pretty thanks for good. i'm asking., Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm pretty good. thanks for asking.	So been? no you problem. have how, Difficult question, this is
no problem. so how have you been?	I've great. been you? what about, Difficult question, this is
i've been great. what about you?	Been i've right school i'm now. good. in, Yes, hmmm
i've been good. i'm in school right now.	To? school you do go what, Difficult question, this is
what school do you go to?	To pcc. i go, Difficult question, this is
i go to pcc.	You do it there? like, Difficult question, this is
do you like it there?	Really okay. campus. a it's big it's, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's okay. it's a really big campus.	Good with school. luck, Difficult question, this is
good luck with school.	Thank very you much., Difficult question, this is
how's it going?	How about i'm you? doing well., Difficult question, this is
i'm doing well. how about you?	Never better, thanks., Yes, yes, hmmm
never better, thanks.	Lately? so how been have you, Difficult question, this is
so how have you been lately?	Good. pretty been you? i've actually, Difficult question, this is
i've actually been pretty good. you?	I'm actually school right now. in, Yes, hmmm
i'm actually in school right now.	Which you school attend? do, Yes, yes, hmmm
which school do you attend?	Right pcc i'm now. attending, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm attending pcc right now.	Enjoying you are it there?, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you enjoying it there?	There not are there. it's people a lot bad. of, Yes, hmmm
it's not bad. there are a lot of people there.	With luck good that., Yes, yes, hmmm
good luck with that.	Thanks., Yes, yes, hmmm
how are you doing today?	About doing great. you? i'm what, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm doing great. what about you?	Thank i'm you. lovely, absolutely, Yes, hmmm
i'm absolutely lovely, thank you.	Everything's good you? with been, Difficult question, this is
everything's been good with you?	About how yourself? haven't been better. i, Difficult question, this is
i haven't been better. how about yourself?	Recently. started school i, Difficult question, this is
i started school recently.	To you going where are school?, Difficult question, this is
where are you going to school?	Pcc. i'm going to, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm going to pcc.	Like you far? how it do so, Difficult question, this is
how do you like it so far?	Classes good right now. are i it pretty far. my like so, Yes, hmmm
i like it so far. my classes are pretty good right now.	I wish you luck., Yes, hmmm
it's an ugly day today.	I may rain. it i think know., Yes, hmmm
i know. i think it may rain.	It shouldn't today. it's of the summer, rain middle, Yes, hmmm
it's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.	Would that be weird., Yes, hmmm
that would be weird.	Especially yeah, outside. it's degrees since ninety, Yes, hmmm
yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.	Outside. horrible hot it was i rained it would if it and know, be, Difficult question, this is
i know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.	It would yes, be., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it would be. 	Wasn't it so i every hot really wish day., Yes, hmmm
i really wish it wasn't so hot every day. 	Can't until winter. me too. wait i, Yes, yes, hmmm
me too. i can't wait until winter.	It but winter too gets cold. i sometimes too, like, Yes, yes, hmmm
i like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.	Hot. be cold than i'd rather, Difficult question, this is
i'd rather be cold than hot.	Me too., Difficult question, this is
it doesn't look very nice outside today.	You're i it's right. going think later. to rain, Yes, hmmm
you're right. i think it's going to rain later.	Shouldn't the summer, raining. in be the middle of it, Difficult question, this is
in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.	Seem that right. wouldn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
that wouldn't seem right.	Outside, over that that weird. be considering it's degrees ninety would, Yes, yes, hmmm
considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.	It it hot. if exactly, it's wouldn't nice raining. started be too, Yes, hmmm
exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. it's too hot.	You're i know, absolutely right., Yes, hmmm
i know, you're absolutely right.	Wish day. off one would it i cool, Yes, yes, hmmm
i wish it would cool off one day.	Soon. that's want i come winter i how feel, to, Yes, hmmm
that's how i feel, i want winter to come soon.	Gets cold really enjoy winter, i but it the sometimes., Yes, hmmm
i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.	But you i'd know rather what than be i mean, cold hot., Yes, hmmm
i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot.	Feel. that's i how exactly, Yes, yes, hmmm
i wish it was a nicer day today.	Rain. that hope i true. is doesn't it, Yes, hmmm
that is true. i hope it doesn't rain.	In the of wouldn't it rain the summer. middle, Yes, yes, hmmm
it wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.	Wouldn't right right seem started if it it raining now., Difficult question, this is
it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.	Weird it would in it ninety degree if raining be weather. started, Difficult question, this is
it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.	Rain pointless. would be right now any, Difficult question, this is
any rain right now would be pointless.	That's it would right, really be., Yes, hmmm
that's right, it really would be.	Down some. cool it to want i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i want it to cool down some.	Until you wait know can't i i mean, what it's winter., Difficult question, this is
i know what you mean, i can't wait until it's winter.	Didn't get is winter cold wish sometimes though. i it so great., Yes, hmmm
winter is great. i wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.	Would deal than with rather i summer. winter the the, Yes, hmmm
it's such a nice day.	Yes, it is., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it is.	It may like looks rain it soon., Yes, hmmm
it looks like it may rain soon.	And hope does. that it i yes,, Yes, hmmm
yes, and i hope that it does.	That? is why, Difficult question, this is
why is that?	Clears air. love rain how really the i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i really love how rain clears the air.	Always it me rains. so too. after fresh smells it, Yes, yes, hmmm
me too. it always smells so fresh after it rains.	Yes, the night air rains. i it love but after, Yes, hmmm
yes, but i love the night air after it rains.	Really? it? why is, Yes, yes, hmmm
really? why is it?	Because the see perfectly. can you stars, Yes, yes, hmmm
because you can see the stars perfectly.	I it hope today. really rains, Yes, yes, hmmm
i really hope it rains today.	Yeah, too. me, Yes, hmmm
isn't it a nice day?	It is. really, Yes, yes, hmmm
it really is.	That it it today. rain seems may, Yes, yes, hmmm
it seems that it may rain today.	Hopefully will. it, Yes, yes, hmmm
hopefully it will.	How come?, Yes, hmmm
how come?	Gets it after like clear i how the rains. sky, Yes, yes, hmmm
i like how clear the sky gets after it rains.	It it feel so rains. good smells same the i way. after, Yes, yes, hmmm
i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.	Rains. the night when i especially air it love, Yes, yes, hmmm
i especially love the night air when it rains.	Why? really?, Difficult question, this is
really? why?	It so stars look after the much rains. closer, Yes, yes, hmmm
the stars look so much closer after it rains.	Today. to it rain really want i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i really want it to rain today.	Yeah, do so i., Yes, yes, hmmm
don't you think it's nice out?	Think too. so yes, i, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, i think so too.	That i think to going it's rain., Yes, hmmm
i think that it's going to rain.	Rain. that i it does hope, Difficult question, this is
i hope that it does rain.	You like the rain?, Yes, yes, hmmm
you like the rain?	I love clean sky so rains. it the it. after looks, Difficult question, this is
the sky looks so clean after it rains. i love it.	Understand. smell does it rain cleaner. i make, Difficult question, this is
i understand. rain does make it smell cleaner.	It love i rains. at most it after how is night, Yes, yes, hmmm
i love most how it is at night after it rains.	How come?, Difficult question, this is
how come?	Much stars rains. the so clearly can it you more see after, Yes, yes, hmmm
you can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.	I to today. for rain love it would, Yes, yes, hmmm
i really want to go to the beach this weekend.	Sounds what's like be fun. to like? going the that weather, Difficult question, this is
that sounds like fun. what's the weather going to be like?	To be weekend. heard warm this that i it's going, Yes, yes, hmmm
i heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.	To going perfect weather? is be beach it, Yes, yes, hmmm
is it going to be perfect beach weather?	I believe so., Difficult question, this is
i believe so.	Hope good. i off weekend. it cool this doesn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.	I go know. the to want beach. really to i, Difficult question, this is
i know. i really want to go to the beach.	Unpredictable. know that you california is but weather really, Difficult question, this is
but you know that california weather is really unpredictable.	One hot, the then next minute and you're right. it's cold. minute it's, Difficult question, this is
you're right. one minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.	Wish the the i would stay really just same. weather, Difficult question, this is
i really wish the weather would just stay the same.	I can do ahead activities way we have time. of too. planned our that, Yes, hmmm
i do too. that way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.	Easier. a would yeah, that lot things make, Difficult question, this is
i would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.	Beach fun. the to would is going trip how be? the a weather to be, Difficult question, this is
a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be?	Forecast says warm weekend. on be the it that will the, Yes, yes, hmmm
the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.	Do it'll for so beach? perfect be weather you think the, Difficult question, this is
so do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?	It like be. it sounds will, Yes, hmmm
it sounds like it will be.	It i get doesn't cold. hope really, Difficult question, this is
i really hope it doesn't get cold.	To ruin want badly. so i would go things, that, Yes, hmmm
that would ruin things, i want to go so badly.	The unpredictable, you never weather in is know. so california, Yes, hmmm
the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know.	That changing. constantly is weather the is true., Yes, hmmm
that is true. the weather is constantly changing.	Never it the would weather if nice change. would be, Yes, yes, hmmm
it would be nice if the weather would never change.	Great, then would plan that sooner. things be could we, Yes, yes, hmmm
that would be great, then we could plan things sooner.	Predictable make easier. true. life weather would, Difficult question, this is
it would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.	To be weather like? too. to i going the may want go what's, Yes, hmmm
what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too.	Be to the supposed is warm. weekend this weather, Difficult question, this is
the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.	Will be beach good weather? it, Yes, hmmm
will it be good beach weather?	Will it i think be., Difficult question, this is
i think it will be.	Cold it weekend. be this wouldn't good if it got, Yes, yes, hmmm
it wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.	To trip this it hope stays i perfect, be i want warm., Difficult question, this is
i want this trip to be perfect, i hope it stays warm.	What'll happen. uncertain, to impossible is know this weather it's so california, Yes, yes, hmmm
this california weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.	I every seems day weather know. different. the, Difficult question, this is
i know. every day the weather seems different.	It always if so would unpredictable. love wasn't it i, Yes, hmmm
i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.	To for make plans. that us it would make easier, Difficult question, this is
hello, may i speak to alice please?	Going? this it is she. how's, Yes, hmmm
this is she. how's it going?	Trying day. i've been you to all call, Yes, yes, hmmm
i've been trying to call you all day.	About sorry that. up. cleaning was i, Difficult question, this is
sorry about that. i was cleaning up.	It's okay., Difficult question, this is
it's okay.	Me calling about? you what were so, Yes, yes, hmmm
so what were you calling me about?	I out if hang wanted just wanted see tomorrow. to oh, to you, Yes, hmmm
oh, i just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.	Did do? to want you sure, what, Difficult question, this is
sure, what did you want to do?	We maybe a can or see go movie something., Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe we can go see a movie or something.	Let's like sounds that it. do fun., Yes, hmmm
that sounds like fun. let's do it.	Then. i'll see you tomorrow, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll see you tomorrow then.	Goodbye. then. see you, Difficult question, this is
hi, how are you. is alice there?	Up? speaking. what's, Difficult question, this is
speaking. what's up?	The you why haven't phone? answered, Yes, hmmm
why haven't you answered the phone?	My chores i had to do. bad,, Yes, hmmm
my bad, i had chores to do.	All that's right., Yes, yes, hmmm
that's all right.	Reason for the your what was call?, Yes, hmmm
what was the reason for your call?	Tomorrow want you. something to do i with, Yes, hmmm
i want to do something tomorrow with you.	What in sounds did you have mind? good., Yes, yes, hmmm
sounds good. what did you have in mind?	Seeing thinking i movie. was about a, Difficult question, this is
i was thinking about seeing a movie.	Movie. go let's see okay, a, Difficult question, this is
okay, let's go see a movie.	Then. until, Yes, yes, hmmm
until then.	Later. talk to you, Yes, yes, hmmm
is alice available?	To you're her. talking, Yes, hmmm
you're talking to her.	Called hundred i've a you today. times, Yes, hmmm
i've called you a hundred times today.	Busy was i something. apologize. doing i, Yes, hmmm
i was busy doing something. i apologize.	No problem., Yes, yes, hmmm
no problem.	Did need you something?, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you need something?	You tomorrow? to want something do do, Yes, hmmm
do you want to do something tomorrow?	To there special you wanted somewhere go? is, Yes, hmmm
is there somewhere special you wanted to go?	A movie? about how, Difficult question, this is
how about a movie?	Good. sounds a movie, Yes, yes, hmmm
a movie sounds good.	Then. call tomorrow me, Yes, hmmm
have you seen the new girl in school?	Haven't. i no,, Difficult question, this is
no, i haven't.	Pretty. really she's, Difficult question, this is
she's really pretty.	Describe to her me., Difficult question, this is
describe her to me.	Too not she's tall., Yes, yes, hmmm
she's not too tall.	How she? is tall well,, Difficult question, this is
well, how tall is she?	Feet she's even. about five, Yes, yes, hmmm
she's about five feet even.	Though? like, does what look she, Yes, yes, hmmm
what does she look like, though?	She has light eyes. pretty brown, Yes, hmmm
she has pretty light brown eyes.	Which may talking i girl about. know you're, Yes, yes, hmmm
i may know which girl you're talking about.	You so around? have seen her, Yes, hmmm
so you have seen her around?	Yes, i have., Difficult question, this is
there's a new girl in school, have you seen her yet?	Seen i haven't her yet., Yes, hmmm
i haven't seen her yet.	She i pretty. that is think very, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think that she is very pretty.	She tell looks. how me, Yes, hmmm
tell me how she looks.	She's kind short. of, Yes, hmmm
she's kind of short.	Is she? height what, Difficult question, this is
what height is she?	Probably about five feet. she's, Difficult question, this is
she's probably about five feet.	She like. that's me but looks nice, what tell, Yes, hmmm
that's nice, but tell me what she looks like.	Thing eyes. noticed the i was first beautiful brown her, Yes, yes, hmmm
the first thing i noticed was her beautiful brown eyes.	Bumped might've i think into her i before., Difficult question, this is
i think i might've bumped into her before.	Me before? you've are her seen you that telling, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you telling me that you've seen her before?	So. believe i, Difficult question, this is
have you met the new girl?	Have no. you?, Yes, hmmm
no. have you?	One girls prettiest the school. she's the of at, Yes, hmmm
she's one of the prettiest girls at the school.	Like? she does what look, Yes, hmmm
what does she look like?	Short. well, she's quite, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, she's quite short.	She that how is? say tall would you, Difficult question, this is
how tall would you say that she is?	Feet. say she's only i five would, Yes, yes, hmmm
i would say she's only five feet.	Features? what her about facial, Difficult question, this is
what about her facial features?	She light absolutely brown eyes, beautiful. has, Yes, hmmm
she has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful.	Talking i i you're think who know about., Difficult question, this is
i think i know who you're talking about.	Seen her? have you, Yes, yes, hmmm
why weren't you at school yesterday?	Well. really feeling wasn't i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i wasn't really feeling well.	You? what with was wrong, Yes, hmmm
what was wrong with you?	Was upset. my stomach, Yes, yes, hmmm
my stomach was upset.	Feel do better you now?, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you feel better now?	Really well yet. feel i too don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't really feel too well yet.	Want anything you do make feel better? to you, Difficult question, this is
do you want anything to make you feel better?	No, thanks. already medicine. took some i, Difficult question, this is
no, thanks. i already took some medicine.	You hope i feel better., Difficult question, this is
i hope you feel better.	Thank you., Difficult question, this is
what reason do you have for missing school?	I sick. was, Yes, hmmm
i was sick.	You how were sick?, Difficult question, this is
how were you sick?	I had stomachache. a, Yes, yes, hmmm
i had a stomachache.	Any it better? did get, Yes, yes, hmmm
did it get any better?	The weather. still feeling i'm under, Difficult question, this is
i'm still feeling under the weather.	Anything your you like stomach? for would, Difficult question, this is
would you like anything for your stomach?	I something took earlier., Yes, hmmm
i took something earlier.	Better. get, Yes, yes, hmmm
get better.	Lot. thanks a, Yes, hmmm
why didn't you go to school yesterday?	Feeling i because wasn't i home stayed well., Difficult question, this is
i stayed home because i wasn't feeling well.	Problem? was what your, Yes, yes, hmmm
what was your problem?	My was stomach me. bothering, Yes, yes, hmmm
my stomach was bothering me.	Feeling are any better? you, Difficult question, this is
are you feeling any better?	I'm a sick. still feeling little, Difficult question, this is
i'm still feeling a little sick.	I'm going bismol? pepto store, the like would you to any, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm going to the store, would you like any pepto bismol?	Okay. that's, Difficult question, this is
that's okay.	You better. i feel hope, Yes, hmmm
did you hear the good news?	Haven't. no, i, Difficult question, this is
no, i haven't.	At my promotion i a got job., Yes, hmmm
i got a promotion at my job.	Really? you did, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you really?	I so excited. seriously, am, Yes, yes, hmmm
seriously, i am so excited.	Congratulations. well,, Yes, hmmm
well, congratulations.	Thank you., Yes, yes, hmmm
thank you.	I'm you. so happy for, Yes, hmmm
i'm so happy for you.	Really?, Yes, hmmm
really?	Yes. really you this. deserved, Yes, hmmm
yes. you really deserved this.	So? think you, Difficult question, this is
you think so?	Good yes. for you., Yes, hmmm
have you heard my good news?	Yet. anything haven't me told you, Difficult question, this is
you haven't told me anything yet.	Week. i got this at earlier promotion work a, Difficult question, this is
i got a promotion at work earlier this week.	Is that right?, Yes, yes, hmmm
is that right?	I am it's happy. the truth. really, Yes, hmmm
it's the truth. i am really happy.	On congratulations your promotion., Yes, hmmm
congratulations on your promotion.	Thank much. very you, Yes, yes, hmmm
thank you very much.	Am i really for you. excited, Yes, hmmm
i am really excited for you.	Really? you are, Yes, hmmm
are you really?	Deserved promotion. serious. this you i'm, Yes, hmmm
i'm serious. you deserved this promotion.	That is what think? really you, Difficult question, this is
is that what you really think?	Yes, i do., Difficult question, this is
i haven't told you what happened yet, have i?	Haven't heard anything. i, Yes, hmmm
i haven't heard anything.	A promotion, offered my and i took boss it. me, Difficult question, this is
my boss offered me a promotion, and i took it.	Serious? you are, Difficult question, this is
are you serious?	Really excited. i yes, am, Difficult question, this is
yes, i am really excited.	That's great. congratulations., Difficult question, this is
that's great. congratulations.	I that. appreciate, Difficult question, this is
i appreciate that.	You. for have idea how i no you happy am, Difficult question, this is
you have no idea how happy i am for you.	Real? for, Difficult question, this is
you look really nice today. 	Just this outfit the i you. day. got thank other, Difficult question, this is
thank you. i just got this outfit the other day.	Get you it? did really, where, Yes, yes, hmmm
really, where did you get it?	From it i got macy's., Yes, hmmm
i got it from macy's.	Really it's nice., Yes, yes, hmmm
it's really nice.	Today, nice look you thanks too. again., Yes, hmmm
thanks again. you look nice today, too.	You. today. shoes i thank just got these, Difficult question, this is
thank you. i just got these shoes today.	Of really? kind shoes are they? what, Yes, hmmm
really? what kind of shoes are they?	Star all are chuck taylors. these called, Yes, yes, hmmm
these are called all star chuck taylors.	Those. cost? did they i much like really how, Difficult question, this is
i really like those. how much did they cost?	Were forty dollars. they about, Yes, hmmm
they were about forty dollars.	Go i myself i'm buy to going think a pair., Yes, yes, hmmm
i absolutely love what you're wearing today.	I outfit days this you bought a just couple ago. do?, Difficult question, this is
you do? i just bought this outfit a couple days ago.	Where seriously, buy did looks it on you. nice from? it you really, Difficult question, this is
seriously, it looks really nice on you. where did you buy it from?	The it bought at mall. the from santa i anita macy's, Yes, yes, hmmm
i bought it from the macy's at the santa anita mall.	That like i outfit. really, Yes, hmmm
i really like that outfit.	Nice today, too. i look think thanks. you, Yes, hmmm
thanks. i think you look nice today, too.	Thank you. just bought new these i earlier shoes today., Yes, hmmm
thank you. i just bought these new shoes earlier today.	Are nice. what those are they?, Yes, hmmm
those are nice. what are they?	Chucks. some are these, Difficult question, this is
these are some chucks.	Were much those are how great. they?, Yes, hmmm
those are great. how much were they?	I for forty. them got, Difficult question, this is
i got them for forty.	I chucks. and pair me find my i think go might of own, Yes, hmmm
i think that you look very cute today.	Is is that right? a this new outfit. brand, Difficult question, this is
is that right? this is a brand new outfit.	It what get from? you did store, Yes, hmmm
what store did you get it from?	It i to went picked macy's and out., Yes, yes, hmmm
i went to macy's and picked it out.	I outfit right your love now., Difficult question, this is
i love your outfit right now.	You think look today nice i too. well,, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, i think you look nice today too.	I the earlier shoes new thanks. store. found these at, Yes, hmmm
thanks. i found these new shoes earlier at the store.	Are those think nice are they? what i some that really kind shoes., Yes, yes, hmmm
i think that those are some really nice shoes. what kind are they?	Are chucks. these, Difficult question, this is
these are chucks.	Much your look nice. shoes really did get for? you how them, Yes, yes, hmmm
your shoes look really nice. how much did you get them for?	Only me dollars. forty cost they about, Yes, yes, hmmm
tell me, what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?	I and painting. drawing enjoy, Yes, hmmm
i enjoy drawing and painting.	You to how paint? draw know and, Yes, yes, hmmm
you know how to draw and paint?	I yes, do., Yes, hmmm
yes, i do.	That? learn when do how did you to, Yes, yes, hmmm
when did you learn how to do that?	Back learned i in high school., Yes, hmmm
i learned back in high school.	Class? you so took oh, an art, Difficult question, this is
oh, so you took an art class?	That loved yeah, i class., Difficult question, this is
yeah, i loved that class.	You're i that talented. pretty see, Yes, yes, hmmm
i see that you're pretty talented.	You much. very thank, Yes, yes, hmmm
thank you very much.	That. like a i wish had talent i, Difficult question, this is
i wish i had a talent like that.	A i'm have talent. hidden. it's you sure just, Difficult question, this is
what kinds of things do you like to do?	To liked draw and i've always paint., Yes, hmmm
i've always liked to draw and paint.	How to i paint. draw and didn't knew know you, Yes, yes, hmmm
i didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.	A in it while. once do every i, Difficult question, this is
i do it every once in a while.	Do long that? you to how have how known, Yes, hmmm
how long have you known how to do that?	School. high in how do learned it first i to, Difficult question, this is
i first learned how to do it in high school.	Sort or something? of art you class some did take, Yes, hmmm
did you take some sort of art class or something?	Favorite class. my that was, Yes, yes, hmmm
that was my favorite class.	Got to you talented. be have, Yes, yes, hmmm
you have got to be talented.	Thanks., Yes, yes, hmmm
thanks.	Was if talented. only i, Yes, hmmm
if only i was talented.	You is talent. you have it don't what know a just yet., Yes, hmmm
are there any hobbies you do?	Draw paint. i when have time, and i sometimes, Difficult question, this is
when i have time, i sometimes draw and paint.	Do that? oh, actually you, Yes, hmmm
oh, you actually do that?	So i every do. often,, Yes, yes, hmmm
every so often, i do.	Draw always to you did know and how paint?, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you always know how to draw and paint?	To high in draw and school paint. how i taught was, Difficult question, this is
i was taught in high school how to draw and paint.	An you had art class?, Yes, yes, hmmm
you had an art class?	Favorite my it exactly, was class., Yes, yes, hmmm
exactly, it was my favorite class.	That good so well, you're it's talented., Yes, hmmm
well, it's good that you're so talented.	I that. appreciate, Difficult question, this is
i appreciate that.	Wish great talent one. i i is thing, a had, Yes, hmmm
what's your favorite movie?	Is my favorite superbad. movie, Yes, hmmm
my favorite movie is superbad.	Is oh, why that?, Yes, hmmm
oh, why is that?	The movie that funniest it's ever seen. i've, Difficult question, this is
it's the funniest movie that i've ever seen.	A it true. movie. that's very funny is, Difficult question, this is
that's true. it is a very funny movie.	Seen you've it before?, Difficult question, this is
you've seen it before? 	Came in first that yes, saw it i theaters. day the out movie, Yes, hmmm
yes, i saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.	Didn't movie? i you laugh through did. the whole, Yes, hmmm
didn't you laugh through the whole movie? i did.	Eyes. that my tears me to brought movie too., Yes, yes, hmmm
me too. that movie brought tears to my eyes.	Mine too., Difficult question, this is
mine too.	It. at and over my you dvd if have on i watch it come house want to, Yes, hmmm
i have it on dvd at my house if you want to come over and watch it.	Go. sure, let's, Yes, hmmm
which movie is your favorite to watch?	I my say, movie have to favorite superbad. is, Yes, hmmm
i have to say, my favorite movie is superbad.	Is right? that why?, Yes, yes, hmmm
is that right? why?	One time. a funniest honestly, in movies it long is i've seen the of, Yes, hmmm
honestly, it is one of the funniest movies i've seen in a long time.	Hilarious. is you're that right. movie, Difficult question, this is
you're right. that movie is hilarious.	Movie. i didn't saw that think you, Difficult question, this is
i didn't think you saw that movie.	It came see it day to i the went out., Yes, yes, hmmm
i went to see it the day it came out.	The laughing through whole movie. i was, Yes, hmmm
i was laughing through the whole movie.	Laughing, either. help i couldn't, Yes, hmmm
i couldn't help laughing, either. 	Same here., Yes, hmmm
same here.	My bought movie. and to come like would you house i to it? watch the, Yes, yes, hmmm
i bought the movie. would you like to come to my house and watch it?	Course. of, Difficult question, this is
out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite?	Superbad to going best movie have that to the ever. is say i'm, Yes, hmmm
i'm going to have to say that superbad is the best movie ever.	Think how so, you come?, Yes, hmmm
you think so, how come?	Super well, superbad is funny., Yes, yes, hmmm
well, superbad is super funny.	Hilarious. lying, that absolutely not found you're i movie, Yes, yes, hmmm
you're not lying, i found that movie absolutely hilarious.	Didn't i before. know that saw you superbad, Yes, hmmm
i didn't know that you saw superbad before.	Came see line be it to to first out. it i made in day the sure, Yes, yes, hmmm
i made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.	Throughout couldn't the movie. i from keep laughing whole, Yes, yes, hmmm
i couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.	Hysterically time; my hurt stomach whole muscles the afterwards. was laughing i, Difficult question, this is
i was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.	Felt. that's i how exactly, Yes, hmmm
that's exactly how i felt.	Do come came over? the i out on dvd, want to when you movie it got, Yes, yes, hmmm
what type of music do you like to listen to?	Of music. kinds listening i like to different, Difficult question, this is
i like listening to different kinds of music.	For like what, instance?, Yes, yes, hmmm
like what, for instance?	Rock r&b. and enjoy i, Difficult question, this is
i enjoy rock and r&b.	Why is that?, Yes, hmmm
why is that?	They instruments like the use. that different i, Difficult question, this is
i like the different instruments that they use.	That's like to a something. good reason, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a good reason to like something.	Too. i think yeah, so, Yes, hmmm
what kind of music do you enjoy listening to?	To kinds all i of enjoy listening music., Yes, yes, hmmm
i enjoy listening to all kinds of music.	What kind?, Difficult question, this is
what kind?	And to listen like r&b. i to rock, Yes, hmmm
i like to listen to rock and r&b.	Why like of do you music? that type, Yes, yes, hmmm
why do you like that type of music?	That of kinds the use. they i instruments like, Yes, yes, hmmm
i like the kinds of instruments that they use.	Excellent i an think something. reason like to that's, Yes, hmmm
i think that's an excellent reason to like something.	Feel way. i the same thanks,, Difficult question, this is
what is your favorite kind of music?	Music. of to types i various listen, Yes, yes, hmmm
i listen to various types of music.	Genres? what, Yes, hmmm
what genres?	Enjoy rock both i to and listening r&b., Yes, hmmm
i enjoy listening to both rock and r&b.	You type in of what music? interests that, Difficult question, this is
what interests you in that type of music?	Use. instruments that the different enjoy i they of types, Yes, hmmm
i enjoy the different types of instruments that they use.	Certain reason perfect like is music. to of a a that kind, Difficult question, this is
did you go to the basketball game on friday?	It. i make couldn't no,, Yes, hmmm
no, i couldn't make it.	Really you a missed good game., Difficult question, this is
you missed a really good game.	Oh, really? who won?, Yes, hmmm
oh, really? who won?	Played did. our they really well. school, Difficult question, this is
our school did. they played really well.	Too was to go. bad busy. i wanted i really, Yes, hmmm
too bad i was busy. i really wanted to go.	Was you have. should it yeah, really exciting., Difficult question, this is
yeah, you should have. it was really exciting.	The score? was what so, Yes, yes, hmmm
so what was the score?	Was 101-98. the score, Yes, hmmm
the score was 101-98.	That a game. man, close really was, Yes, hmmm
man, that was a really close game.	So great. made that's it what, Yes, hmmm
that's what made it so great.	Make one. it sure and to i'll make next the, Yes, yes, hmmm
were you able to attend friday night's basketball game?	I unable it. was to make, Yes, hmmm
i was unable to make it.	There. have you was should it been intense., Yes, yes, hmmm
you should have been there. it was intense.	Up ended is right. that who winning?, Yes, hmmm
is that right. who ended up winning?	Victorious. our team was, Difficult question, this is
our team was victorious.	Free kind wish didn't mad i i i go. i'm night. that that was of, Difficult question, this is
i wish i was free that night. i'm kind of mad that i didn't go.	Game. was great it a, Yes, yes, hmmm
it was a great game.	Score what was the at the the end game? of, Yes, hmmm
what was the score at the end of the game?	Won our team 101-98., Yes, hmmm
our team won 101-98.	Game. a close sounds like it was, Yes, yes, hmmm
sounds like it was a close game.	It was game. the that's reason a such great, Difficult question, this is
that's the reason it was such a great game.	The next game, will there. definitely i be, Yes, hmmm
i was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on friday.	I i to wanted go, but couldn't., Yes, yes, hmmm
i wanted to go, but i couldn't.	Was it a game. great, Yes, hmmm
it was a great game.	Make couldn't who it. won? bad it's too that i, Yes, hmmm
it's too bad that i couldn't make it. who won?	Team played won. and hard our, Difficult question, this is
our team played hard and won.	To i the wish i really went game., Difficult question, this is
i really wish i went to the game.	Best the was it game ever., Yes, yes, hmmm
it was the best game ever.	The so tell me score. final, Yes, yes, hmmm
so tell me the final score.	101-98. three by other team the lost points,, Yes, hmmm
the other team lost by three points, 101-98. 	Game. it been close a must've, Yes, hmmm
it must've been a close game.	You was. should've it really gone., Yes, yes, hmmm
what are you doing this weekend?	A movies you? going with to friend. how the i'm about, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm going to the movies with a friend. how about you?	Sure i'm yet. not, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm not sure yet.	Want movie me? see with did well, go to you a, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, did you want to go see a movie with me?	What movie are see? you going to, Yes, yes, hmmm
what movie are you going to see?	To i'm see? there something want not you sure yet. is, Difficult question, this is
i'm not sure yet. is there something you want to see?	Think there's nothing i of. can, Difficult question, this is
there's nothing i can think of.	Did so, want you go? to, Yes, hmmm
so, did you want to go?	Thanks, time. maybe another no,, Difficult question, this is
no, thanks, maybe another time.	Good. okay, sounds, Difficult question, this is
do you know what you're going to do this weekend?	A to mine. you? friend i see a about what of am going movie with, Yes, hmmm
i am going to see a movie with a friend of mine. what about you?	I don't know., Difficult question, this is
i don't know.	See me my movie friend? to with and would you a like, Difficult question, this is
would you like to see a movie with me and my friend?	You what going watch? you're know do movie to, Difficult question, this is
do you know what movie you're going to watch?	See? certain you a know, but i was wanted movie there to don't, Yes, hmmm
i don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see?	That can of. none think i, Difficult question, this is
none that i can think of.	Go? to would like you well,, Difficult question, this is
well, would you like to go?	Thank pass. for me, you but i think inviting i'll, Yes, hmmm
thank you for inviting me, but i think i'll pass.	All then. right. another time, Yes, hmmm
you have any ideas as to what you want to do this weekend?	You do? to friend. what i'm going theater movie to going are with my the, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm going to the movie theater with my friend. what are you going to do?	Not quite yet. i'm sure, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm not quite sure yet.	You how see a my with friend? about me movie and, Difficult question, this is
how about you see a movie with me and my friend?	And friend are watching? on you what your planning movie, Yes, hmmm
what movie are you and your friend planning on watching?	Your that sure. movie a eye? out there catches not is, Yes, hmmm
not sure. is there a movie out that catches your eye?	No to movies mind. good come, Yes, hmmm
no good movies come to mind.	Whether go? not to would or you you decided have like, Difficult question, this is
have you decided whether or not you would like to go?	Thanks. time. no, another maybe, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you go to school today?	You yeah, went there? i to school were today., Yes, hmmm
yeah, i went to school today. were you there?	I go, been i've sick. no, didn't, Difficult question, this is
no, i didn't go, i've been sick.	The sucks. assignments class? want that from english did you, Yes, yes, hmmm
that sucks. did you want the assignments from english class?	That nice, thank be would you., Yes, hmmm
that would be nice, thank you.	Problem, no you're welcome., Difficult question, this is
no problem, you're welcome.	You will the when same sick. i be you're to glad do for, Difficult question, this is
i will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick.	Thank at you i you. to see tomorrow. well, school hope, Difficult question, this is
have you attended school today?	School i did you? today. attended, Yes, hmmm
i attended school today. did you?	Ill. attend able feeling school i because wasn't was to i, Difficult question, this is
i wasn't able to attend school because i was feeling ill.	Hear sorry english the class? like from you to that. i'm assignments would, Yes, hmmm
i'm sorry to hear that. would you like the assignments from english class?	Would thanks. that, really i appreciate, Yes, yes, hmmm
i would really appreciate that, thanks.	At trouble all. no it's, Yes, hmmm
it's no trouble at all.	If favor. get i'll you sick, the return, Yes, yes, hmmm
if you get sick, i'll return the favor.	You better. you school thanks. at feel if tomorrow see, Yes, yes, hmmm
have you gone to school today?	Went did to you i to school school? today. go, Yes, hmmm
i went to school today. did you go to school?	School sick. i i go to was couldn't today,, Yes, hmmm
i couldn't go to school today, i was sick.	That's be you i'd from assignments class. the english horrible. to give happy, Difficult question, this is
that's horrible. i'd be happy to give you the assignments from english class.	Kind that's much, thank of you very you., Difficult question, this is
thank you very much, that's kind of you.	Don't mention it., Yes, hmmm
don't mention it.	Assignments. happy be of a miss to you when school, i'll the english day you give, Yes, hmmm
did you hear the news?	Happened? what, Yes, yes, hmmm
what happened?	Her our went had last and into baby week. cousin labor, Yes, hmmm
our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week.	Why tell anyone she didn't did? me?, Yes, yes, hmmm
she did? why didn't anyone tell me?	I would've would that have you. somebody told thought, Yes, hmmm
i would've thought that somebody would have told you.	Had no idea. i no,, Difficult question, this is
no, i had no idea.	Baby did, her she well, pounds ounces. 8 6 was, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, she did, her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.	Oh that's my great! god,, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh my god, that's great!	And you are baby? to go the and going her visit, Yes, hmmm
are you going to go and visit her and the baby?	I might. think that i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think that i might.	I you let i'd thought know. good! just, Difficult question, this is
good! i just thought i'd let you know.	Me. thanks telling for, Yes, yes, hmmm
have you heard what happened?	What? heard, Difficult question, this is
heard what?	Had baby. her already debrah, Yes, yes, hmmm
debrah already had her baby.	I know didn't that., Difficult question, this is
i didn't know that.	Thought i you knew., Difficult question, this is
i thought you knew.	I honestly didn't know., Yes, yes, hmmm
i honestly didn't know.	Was 6 the baby ounces. 8 pounds, Yes, yes, hmmm
the baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.	That's to good hear., Yes, yes, hmmm
that's good to hear.	Them? you will go visit and, Difficult question, this is
will you go and visit them?	Course of will. i, Yes, hmmm
of course i will.	The just to i wanted good you news. give, Difficult question, this is
i just wanted to give you the good news.	Thanks for know. letting me, Yes, yes, hmmm
have you heard the news?	Anything. i haven't heard, Difficult question, this is
i haven't heard anything.	Baby week. last debrah her had, Difficult question, this is
debrah had her baby last week.	Nobody told me., Yes, yes, hmmm
nobody told me.	Thought i you heard., Yes, yes, hmmm
i thought you heard.	Told wasn't anything. i really, Yes, hmmm
i really wasn't told anything.	She cute pounds ounces. 8 a was 6, Difficult question, this is
she was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.	How wow, exciting., Yes, yes, hmmm
wow, how exciting.	You and go know, and should i really her baby. see the, Yes, hmmm
i know, you should really go and see her and the baby.	I will. of course, Difficult question, this is
of course i will.	Let what i wanted happened. just know to you, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you go to school today?	Course. of did you?, Yes, yes, hmmm
of course. did you?	Didn't. to, i didn't i want so, Difficult question, this is
i didn't want to, so i didn't.	You that's movies but have sad, recently? gone the to, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's sad, but have you gone to the movies recently?	Switch. a that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a switch.	You? have serious, i'm, Yes, hmmm
i'm serious, have you?	I why? no, haven't., Difficult question, this is
no, i haven't. why?	To weekend. go this want really the i movies to, Difficult question, this is
i really want to go to the movies this weekend.	Then. so go, Yes, yes, hmmm
so go then.	I by go myself. really to don't want, Yes, yes, hmmm
i really don't want to go by myself.	School going do on plan well to you anyway, tomorrow?, Yes, yes, hmmm
well anyway, do you plan on going to school tomorrow?	I'm movies. the no, going to think to go i, Yes, hmmm
did you make it to school today?	You to did i go always school today? do., Yes, hmmm
i always do. did you go to school today?	No, i didn't., Difficult question, this is
no, i didn't.	But you you any have lately? should movies have, seen, Difficult question, this is
you should have, but have you seen any movies lately?	An subject. change was odd that of, Yes, yes, hmmm
that was an odd change of subject.	It question. but the was, maybe answer, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe it was, but answer the question.	Not no, recently., Yes, yes, hmmm
no, not recently.	To want i movie weekend. to a go this see, Difficult question, this is
i want to go to see a movie this weekend.	You then? stopping what's, Difficult question, this is
what's stopping you then?	To alone. go i don't want, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't want to go alone.	So, you be will at school tomorrow?, Difficult question, this is
so, will you be at school tomorrow?	Movies to to instead. want the i go no,, Difficult question, this is
did you even bother to go to school today?	You went. go? yeah, i did, Yes, hmmm
yeah, i went. did you go?	No, feel i it. didn't like, Yes, hmmm
no, i didn't feel like it.	Have been movies the to lately? that's nice, you, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's nice, have you been to the movies lately?	Was change subject. a that but random of no,, Yes, hmmm
no, but that was a random change of subject.	Random, have it have may been you? but, Yes, hmmm
it may have been random, but have you?	Lately. i haven't, Difficult question, this is
i haven't lately.	Love catch would movie to weekend. a this i, Difficult question, this is
i would love to catch a movie this weekend.	Just then, go? why you so don't, Yes, hmmm
so then, why don't you just go?	I want movie don't see a to myself. by, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't want to see a movie by myself.	School are okay, going so tomorrow? to you, Difficult question, this is
thanks for coming to see me today.	Anyway. problem. you missing no i it's was really, Difficult question, this is
it's no problem. i was really missing you anyway.	Too. i missed you, Yes, yes, hmmm
i missed you too.	You me why come to tried see then? haven't, Difficult question, this is
why haven't you tried to come see me then?	Been busy. i've really, Yes, hmmm
i've been really busy.	What? doing, Difficult question, this is
doing what?	Working., Difficult question, this is
working.	Busy come see you to sooner, would've i've i been too. but, Yes, yes, hmmm
i would've come to see you sooner, but i've been busy too.	Doing? what you been have, Yes, hmmm
what have you been doing?	Working i've too. been, Yes, yes, hmmm
i've been working too.	To came i'm see that happy me. regardless, well very you, Yes, hmmm
well regardless, i'm very happy that you came to see me.	Am i too., Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm really glad that you came to see me.	Was i missing you lot. a i had to., Difficult question, this is
i had to. i was missing you a lot.	Was you too. i missing, Yes, yes, hmmm
i was missing you too.	You haven't visited why so, me?, Yes, hmmm
so, why haven't you visited me?	I've busy been actually lately., Yes, hmmm
i've actually been busy lately.	You been what doing? have, Difficult question, this is
what have you been doing?	Been hard. really just i've working, Yes, yes, hmmm
i've just been working really hard.	Busy. been also i've, Difficult question, this is
i've also been busy.	Been what you've me doing. tell, Yes, hmmm
tell me what you've been doing.	Been too. i've working basically,, Difficult question, this is
basically, i've been working too.	Came. whatever, i'm you glad well, Yes, yes, hmmm
well whatever, i'm glad you came.	I. so am, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm really happy that you came to visit me.	Lot. really missed you i a, Yes, hmmm
i really missed you a lot.	I've been like missing you crazy., Yes, hmmm
i've been missing you like crazy.	Haven't to why you i come me. understand visit don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't understand why you haven't come to visit me.	I've been busy. lately, quite, Yes, hmmm
lately, i've been quite busy.	Been me to. up what tell you've, Yes, yes, hmmm
tell me what you've been up to.	I've lot working been really a lately., Difficult question, this is
i've really been working a lot lately.	Pretty i've myself. been busy, Yes, yes, hmmm
i've been pretty busy myself.	So to? up have what been you, Yes, yes, hmmm
so what have you been up to?	A lot. just been i've working, Yes, hmmm
i've just been working a lot.	Glad you visited be, whatever me. may i'm reason the, Difficult question, this is
hey, did you hear about jessica's party this weekend?	For waiting my yeah, but i'm still invitation., Difficult question, this is
yeah, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.	She mine gave earlier oh today. me really?, Yes, hmmm
oh really? she gave me mine earlier today.	My just later give me she'll today. invitation well, on probably, Difficult question, this is
well, she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today.	You on planning are so yeah, going?, Yes, yes, hmmm
yeah, so are you planning on going?	Going think a i fun. be it like lot of sounds so. it's to, Yes, hmmm
i think so. it sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun.	I really it does, can't wait., Difficult question, this is
it really does, i can't wait.	Party what time start? does the, Yes, hmmm
what time does the party start?	8 o'clock. it at starts, Yes, yes, hmmm
it starts at 8 o'clock.	Far? invites many to oh, how people well, given she has so, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far?	Given don't many. i'm she's i but that out sure, think not, Yes, hmmm
i'm not sure, but i don't think she's given out that many.	My invite well, today. me give later on she'll hopefully, Yes, hmmm
have you heard about jessica's party on saturday?	Invitation. waiting heard but about i'm i've it, for still my, Yes, hmmm
i've heard about it, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.	I from mine her this really? morning. got, Yes, hmmm
really? i got mine from her this morning.	That my today give or she's to guessing tomorrow. i'm invite me going, Yes, hmmm
i'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow.	You you're right, probably intend to going party? on do the, Difficult question, this is
you're probably right, do you intend on going to the party?	I really going i to want heard fun. to. be it's, Difficult question, this is
i want to. i heard it's going to be really fun.	Pretty it know, i does sound awesome., Yes, yes, hmmm
i know, it does sound pretty awesome.	The party start? well, does when, Difficult question, this is
well, when does the party start?	Eight. supposed start about to at it's, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's supposed to start at about eight.	Invitations given many out? how has she, Difficult question, this is
how many invitations has she given out?	Think out many don't gave she but really i know, yet. i don't that, Yes, yes, hmmm
i really don't know, but i don't think she gave out that many yet.	Hope i so go, really my soon. gives me to she i that invite want, Difficult question, this is
has anyone told you about jessica's party coming up?	Told i'm about invitation. i my for just waiting already. was it, Yes, hmmm
i was told about it already. i'm just waiting for my invitation.	Her invitation right? that from my earlier. is already i got, Yes, yes, hmmm
is that right? i already got my invitation from her earlier.	Give today. will invitation me that the she i believe, Difficult question, this is
i believe that she will give me the invitation today.	You to are even go? going, Yes, hmmm
are you even going to go?	It's to the of the year. best sounds going yeah, it party like be, Difficult question, this is
yeah, it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year.	To be fun. it going exactly, loads of seems like it's, Difficult question, this is
exactly, it seems like it's going to be loads of fun.	Does the party exactly when start?, Yes, hmmm
when exactly does the party start?	Invitation it says at the p.m. 8:00 starts, Yes, yes, hmmm
the invitation says it starts at 8:00 p.m.	Invitations out a she has of yet? lot given, Yes, yes, hmmm
has she given out a lot of invitations yet?	Many hasn't she have i no idea, given though. out, Yes, yes, hmmm
hey, what's up?	Nothing really., Yes, hmmm
nothing really.	I'm throwing friday. party a on, Difficult question, this is
i'm throwing a party on friday.	Didn't i realize that., Difficult question, this is
i didn't realize that.	Didn't? you, Yes, hmmm
you didn't?	About nobody told party. me anything your has, Difficult question, this is
nobody has told me anything about your party.	Did want you go? to, Yes, hmmm
did you want to go?	Does start? it when, Yes, yes, hmmm
when does it start?	8:00 at p.m., Yes, yes, hmmm
at 8:00 p.m.	There. i'll be, Difficult question, this is
i'll be there.	I'd you see better there., Yes, hmmm
i'd better see you there.	Of course., Yes, yes, hmmm
what's going on with you?	You? going on fine. with what's, Yes, yes, hmmm
fine. what's going on with you?	A friday. having this party i'm, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm having a party this friday.	No i idea. had, Yes, yes, hmmm
i had no idea.	That right? is, Yes, hmmm
is that right?	I didn't anything it. hear about, Yes, hmmm
i didn't hear anything about it.	Go? you can, Yes, yes, hmmm
can you go?	What time?, Difficult question, this is
what time?	O'clock. 8 at starts it, Difficult question, this is
it starts at 8 o'clock.	I'll go., Yes, hmmm
i'll go.	I'll that hope see you there. i, Difficult question, this is
i hope that i'll see you there.	No doubt., Yes, hmmm
what's going on?	Not much., Yes, yes, hmmm
not much.	Throwing a friday, i'm this party., Yes, hmmm
this friday, i'm throwing a party.	I that. oh know really? didn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh really? i didn't know that.	You serious? are, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you serious?	Heard i about haven't anything it., Yes, hmmm
i haven't heard anything about it.	Can make it? you, Yes, hmmm
can you make it?	What start? does it time, Difficult question, this is
what time does it start?	Party starts the at 8., Yes, yes, hmmm
the party starts at 8.	I'll yeah, i go. think, Yes, yes, hmmm
yeah, i think i'll go.	Am see i you going to there?, Difficult question, this is
what's going on?	You? really, nothing, Difficult question, this is
nothing really, you?	A throwing i'm saturday. next party, Yes, hmmm
i'm throwing a party next saturday.	That right? is, Yes, yes, hmmm
is that right?	You to going come? yeah, are, Difficult question, this is
yeah, are you going to come?	I'm can't. sorry, i, Yes, hmmm
i'm sorry, i can't.	Why not?, Difficult question, this is
why not?	Don't really to. i want, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't really want to.	Well, you? why don't, Difficult question, this is
well, why don't you?	I parties. to going hate, Yes, yes, hmmm
i hate going to parties.	Okay. well, that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, that's okay.	Yeah, sorry., Yes, hmmm
what's up?	About you? how nothing,, Yes, hmmm
nothing, how about you?	Next have a i'm going saturday, party. to, Yes, yes, hmmm
next saturday, i'm going to have a party.	Really? oh,, Yes, hmmm
oh, really?	You coming? are, Yes, hmmm
you are coming?	Probably not., Difficult question, this is
probably not.	Is why that?, Difficult question, this is
why is that?	Like don't feel going. i, Difficult question, this is
i don't feel like going.	Why not?, Difficult question, this is
why not?	Parties. can't to i really going stand, Yes, hmmm
i really can't stand going to parties.	Understand, guess. i i, Difficult question, this is
i understand, i guess.	That. about sorry, Yes, hmmm
what's happening?	Not you? a about lot, what, Difficult question, this is
not a lot, what about you?	I'm party a saturday. next having, Difficult question, this is
i'm having a party next saturday.	That's nice., Yes, hmmm
that's nice.	You there? are going to be, Yes, hmmm
are you going to be there?	Don't i think so., Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't think so.	Is reason a there why?, Yes, hmmm
is there a reason why?	Just go. want really to i don't, Yes, hmmm
i just really don't want to go.	Come? how, Yes, hmmm
how come?	I parties. like really don't, Yes, hmmm
i don't really like parties.	Would but i that's wish you okay. go,, Yes, hmmm
what's up?	Much, going on? what's nothing, Yes, yes, hmmm
nothing much, what's going on?	I'm party a having friday. this, Difficult question, this is
i'm having a party this friday.	That's oh, really? nice., Yes, hmmm
oh, really? that's nice.	Come. to see wanted i to wanted if you, Difficult question, this is
i wanted to see if you wanted to come.	Friday? already plans. sorry, this i have, Yes, hmmm
this friday? sorry, i already have plans.	Doing what?, Yes, yes, hmmm
doing what?	Going dinner my with i'm family. to, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm going to dinner with my family.	Really you but i i wanted come, to understand., Yes, hmmm
i really wanted you to come, but i understand.	Maybe time. yeah, next, Difficult question, this is
yeah, maybe next time.	That. to you i'll hold, Yes, hmmm
i'll hold you to that.	Sounds like a plan., Yes, yes, hmmm
hey, what's good with you?	Not you? lot. about what a, Yes, yes, hmmm
not a lot. what about you?	On party throwing a i'm friday., Difficult question, this is
i'm throwing a party on friday.	Like sounds fun. that, Yes, yes, hmmm
that sounds like fun.	Think can you do come? you, Yes, hmmm
do you think you can come?	Sorry. i'm doing i'm this something friday. already, Yes, hmmm
i'm sorry. i'm already doing something this friday.	Going to doing? be what you are, Yes, yes, hmmm
what are you going to be doing?	To family i going are and my dinner., Yes, yes, hmmm
my family and i are going to dinner.	Was i come. you would hoping, Difficult question, this is
i was hoping you would come.	Time. the make i'll try definitely to next it, Yes, hmmm
i'll definitely try to make it the next time.	See better there. you i'd, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'd better see you there.	You next time. all see right. i'll, Yes, hmmm
what's going on?	About how really. nothing you?, Difficult question, this is
nothing really. how about you?	Having lot, the a like party on friday. i'm, Yes, yes, hmmm
a lot, like the party i'm having on friday.	Cool. that's well,, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, that's cool.	To it? able you will make be, Yes, hmmm
will you be able to make it?	Sorry. i'm friday. this i'm busy, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm busy this friday. i'm sorry.	Do? have to what you do, Yes, hmmm
what do you have to do?	Having i'm with dinner family my, Difficult question, this is
i'm having dinner with my family	Next you come can time. maybe, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe you can come next time.	And next sure i'll make come to your party., Difficult question, this is
i'll make sure and come to your next party.	I'll my party. look at next for you, Difficult question, this is
it was nice talking to you.	You why phone? rush me trying the off are to, Yes, hmmm
why are you trying to rush me off the phone?	Have really go. i to, Yes, hmmm
i really have to go.	Talk to wanted you. why? still i to, Yes, yes, hmmm
why? i still wanted to talk to you.	Have things to i do., Yes, yes, hmmm
i have things to do.	What? like, Yes, hmmm
like what?	Nosey. be don't, Difficult question, this is
don't be nosey.	Just i to want i'm not. know., Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm not. i just want to know.	Your business. none really well, it's of, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, it's really none of your business.	Harsh. that's, Yes, hmmm
that's harsh.	I'm to i sorry, but have go., Yes, hmmm
i'm sorry, but i have to go.	Fine., Yes, yes, hmmm
i've enjoyed conversing with you.	Get reason a there trying why the so to you're off fast? is phone, Yes, yes, hmmm
is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast?	Got go. i've to, Yes, hmmm
i've got to go.	Wasn't done to you. i talking, Difficult question, this is
i wasn't done talking to you.	It's not be and besides, i have do things, some polite to nosey. to, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have to do some things, and besides, it's not polite to be nosey.	I'm nosey. asking. just not being i'm, Difficult question, this is
i'm not being nosey. i'm just asking.	Don't any really business. i it's of your think, Yes, yes, hmmm
i really don't think it's any of your business.	Not nice. that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's not nice.	Off phone getting apologize, now. i but the i'm, Difficult question, this is
i apologize, but i'm getting off the phone now.	Okay., Difficult question, this is
i'll talk to you later.	Rush? the what's, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's the rush?	To have now. off i the get phone, Yes, hmmm
i have to get off the phone now.	Phone i'm to off you. the not with get ready, Difficult question, this is
i'm not ready to get off the phone with you.	Things to of. are there care i need take other, Yes, yes, hmmm
there are other things i need to take care of.	Do? it to need is you what that, Yes, yes, hmmm
what is it that you need to do? 	Nosey. be please don't, Difficult question, this is
please don't be nosey.	A being i'm question. nosey, it's just not, Difficult question, this is
i'm not being nosey, it's just a question.	Don't to about need you that. worry, Yes, yes, hmmm
you don't need to worry about that.	Was to that mean say., Yes, hmmm
that was mean to say.	Very sorry, i but am must go. i, Yes, hmmm
well, it was nice talking to you.	Talking to nice too. was it you, Difficult question, this is
it was nice talking to you too.	Again. really hang we should out, Difficult question, this is
we should really hang out again.	That fun. be would, Yes, hmmm
that would be fun.	Want you do where go? to, Yes, hmmm
where do you want to go?	Should to eat. think we go i out, Difficult question, this is
i think we should go out to eat.	That sounds good., Yes, yes, hmmm
that sounds good.	So i'll right, all then. you see, Difficult question, this is
all right, so i'll see you then.	I'll later. call you, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll call you later.	I'll talk to later okay, then. you, Yes, hmmm
okay, i'll talk to you later then.	See you later., Yes, yes, hmmm
see you later.	Bye., Yes, yes, hmmm
i enjoyed talking to you.	Talking enjoyed i to you too., Difficult question, this is
i enjoyed talking to you too.	Out some we time. should hang, Difficult question, this is
we should hang out some time.	Nice. would i think be that, Yes, hmmm
i think that would be nice.	Would do next to is you time? like there anything, Yes, yes, hmmm
is there anything you would like to do next time?	To go to out do you want eat?, Difficult question, this is
do you want to go out to eat?	Like that. i'd, Difficult question, this is
i'd like that.	So next i'll time. you see, Yes, hmmm
so i'll see you next time.	Going i'm you call to soon., Yes, hmmm
i'm going to call you soon. 	You talk later. i'll to, Yes, hmmm
i'll talk to you later.	See you soon., Yes, yes, hmmm
see you soon.	Goodbye., Yes, yes, hmmm
i had fun talking to you.	Was talking it nice you also. to really, Yes, yes, hmmm
it was really nice talking to you also.	Sometime. we do think really i should something, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think we should really do something sometime.	Be that of loads fun. should, Yes, yes, hmmm
that should be loads of fun.	Time? what you next do do to want, Difficult question, this is
what do you want to do next time?	Go would dinner to to you like something? or, Yes, yes, hmmm
would you like to go to dinner or something?	Let's that. yeah, do, Yes, hmmm
yeah, let's do that.	Time okay, until then. next, Yes, yes, hmmm
okay, until next time then.	Can so i'll you set call that up. we, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll call you so we can set that up.	You talk to then., Yes, yes, hmmm
talk to you then.	See all you. right,, Yes, hmmm
where do you live?	Live pasadena. in i, Difficult question, this is
i live in pasadena.	Is pasadena? where, Yes, yes, hmmm
where is pasadena?	California. it's in, Yes, hmmm
it's in california.	In california? it is northern, Difficult question, this is
is it in northern california?	In california. southern it's no., Yes, yes, hmmm
no. it's in southern california.	Is pasadena city? a big, Difficult question, this is
is pasadena a big city?	It's big. pretty, Difficult question, this is
it's pretty big.	"pretty how big"? big is, Difficult question, this is
how big is "pretty big"?	Has 140,000 about it people., Difficult question, this is
it has about 140,000 people.	Is los angeles? big how, Difficult question, this is
how big is los angeles?	3 it million people. has about, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you have a car?	I do. yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, i do.	Of have? you car what kind do, Difficult question, this is
what kind of car do you have?	I honda. a have, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have a honda.	Is new? it, Yes, hmmm
is it new?	In was new 2003. it, Difficult question, this is
it was new in 2003.	Old pretty it's now. so,, Difficult question, this is
so, it's pretty old now.	It still is. good. but it yes, looks, Yes, hmmm
yes, it is. but it still looks good.	Care do you of good it? take, Difficult question, this is
do you take good care of it?	A i once it week. oh, wash yes., Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, yes. i wash it once a week.	Oil? the change do you, Yes, hmmm
do you change the oil?	A my changes oil mechanic the year. twice, Yes, hmmm
do you have a girlfriend?	I you? don't. no, do, Yes, hmmm
no, i don't. do you?	I either. don't a have girlfriend,, Yes, hmmm
i don't have a girlfriend, either.	Why not?, Yes, yes, hmmm
why not?	I enough. not don't i'm rich maybe know., Yes, hmmm
i don't know. maybe i'm not rich enough.	Guys like girls with money., Yes, hmmm
girls like guys with money.	They do. sure, Difficult question, this is
they sure do.	Cars. like new they with guys, Difficult question, this is
they like guys with new cars.	Or car. don't money a i have new, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't have money or a new car.	Me, neither., Yes, hmmm
me, neither.	Guys like funny. but girls are who, Difficult question, this is
but girls like guys who are funny.	Learn maybe we jokes. some should good, Difficult question, this is
where are you going?	I dog. the have to walk, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have to walk the dog.	What dog do you have? kind of, Yes, yes, hmmm
what kind of dog do you have?	Little i poodle. have a, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have a little poodle.	Bark poodles a lot., Yes, yes, hmmm
poodles bark a lot.	They do. sure, Difficult question, this is
they sure do.	They bark everything. at, Difficult question, this is
they bark at everything.	Never they up. shut, Yes, yes, hmmm
they never shut up.	Did get why you poodle? a, Yes, hmmm
why did you get a poodle?	It's dog. my mom's, Difficult question, this is
it's my mom's dog.	Poodles. so she likes, Yes, hmmm
so she likes poodles.	They're watchdogs. she says good, Yes, hmmm
can i borrow $5?	Do it? why sure. need you, Difficult question, this is
sure. why do you need it?	I want to lunch. buy, Yes, yes, hmmm
i want to buy lunch.	Your where's money?, Difficult question, this is
where's your money?	My not it's wallet. in, Yes, hmmm
it's not in my wallet.	Empty? is your wallet, Yes, yes, hmmm
your wallet is empty?	In i it. dollar have one even don't, Yes, hmmm
i don't have even one dollar in it.	Broke is being fun. no, Difficult question, this is
being broke is no fun.	If only even short it's while. a for, Yes, hmmm
even if it's only for a short while.	Have good it's friends. always to, Yes, hmmm
it's always good to have friends.	Lend will when you're you money broke. friends, Difficult question, this is
friends will lend you money when you're broke.	As back. long pay as them you, Yes, yes, hmmm
let's go to the beach.	Great idea. a that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a great idea.	While. been we in haven't a, Yes, hmmm
we haven't been in a while.	We haven't been a in month., Yes, yes, hmmm
we haven't been in a month.	You went, last we time drowned. the almost, Yes, yes, hmmm
the last time we went, you almost drowned.	Didn't. i no,, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, i didn't.	Lifeguard dive water? why into the did the then, Difficult question, this is
then why did the lifeguard dive into the water?	Think wanted i off. to he cool, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think he wanted to cool off.	Up to swam right he you., Yes, yes, hmmm
he swam right up to you.	And he then turned around. right, Yes, hmmm
and then he turned right around.	You're right. maybe, Difficult question, this is
maybe you're right.	We get maybe should going., Yes, hmmm
are you married?	Divorced. no. i'm, Yes, yes, hmmm
no. i'm divorced.	Did divorced? you get when, Yes, yes, hmmm
when did you get divorced?	Ago. i two divorced years got, Yes, yes, hmmm
i got divorced two years ago.	Did divorced? you get why, Difficult question, this is
why did you get divorced?	Left wife me. my, Yes, hmmm
my wife left me.	She leave you? did why, Difficult question, this is
why did she leave you?	Didn't anymore. love me she she said, Yes, yes, hmmm
she said she didn't love me anymore.	Terrible. wow! that's, Difficult question, this is
wow! that's terrible.	Was. it yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, it was.	Anymore? why didn't love she you, Difficult question, this is
why didn't she love you anymore?	Fell love my she best friend. with in, Difficult question, this is
i'm bored.	Tv? what's on, Yes, hmmm
what's on tv?	Nothing., Yes, hmmm
nothing.	Tv! there on something must be, Difficult question, this is
there must be something on tv!	That's interesting. nothing, Difficult question, this is
nothing that's interesting.	What about game that new show?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what about that new game show?	Which one?, Yes, yes, hmmm
which one?	Deal" no or "deal, Yes, yes, hmmm
"deal or no deal"	Me you're joking. tell, Yes, yes, hmmm
tell me you're joking.	Show. i love that, Difficult question, this is
i love that show.	Once. watched was enough. it that i, Yes, hmmm
i watched it once. that was enough.	On right it's together. watch now. it let's, Yes, yes, hmmm
i like living here.	Agree. nice is a pasadena i city., Difficult question, this is
i agree. pasadena is a nice city.	Not it's too big., Yes, yes, hmmm
it's not too big.	And not small. too it's, Yes, hmmm
and it's not too small.	Long. has year all great it weather, Difficult question, this is
it has great weather all year long.	It parade. rose has the, Yes, yes, hmmm
it has the rose parade.	Beautiful houses. has it, Yes, yes, hmmm
it has beautiful houses.	Has it wonderful restaurants., Difficult question, this is
it has wonderful restaurants.	Great it has schools., Difficult question, this is
it has great schools.	Mountains. the it's close to, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's close to the mountains.	People the are friendly., Yes, yes, hmmm
the people are friendly.	Going ever i'm leave. not to, Yes, yes, hmmm
we need a new mattress.	Matter with the this one? what's, Difficult question, this is
what's the matter with this one?	It's not comfortable., Yes, hmmm
it's not comfortable.	Me. it fine seems to, Yes, hmmm
it seems fine to me.	Night. turn all and i toss, Yes, hmmm
i toss and turn all night.	Should you drinking coffee. stop, Yes, yes, hmmm
you should stop drinking coffee.	Look at arms. my on marks these, Difficult question, this is
look at these marks on my arms.	What they? are, Yes, yes, hmmm
what are they?	Are bites. they, Yes, hmmm
they are bites.	Cat you? the bite did, Yes, yes, hmmm
did the cat bite you?	In mattress bit me. bedbugs no. the that, Yes, hmmm
no. the bedbugs in that mattress bit me.	A okay. let's get mattress. new, Difficult question, this is
my laptop is so slow.	One. buy new a, Difficult question, this is
buy a new one.	I money. if had the would i, Difficult question, this is
i would if i had the money.	Is it why slow? so, Difficult question, this is
why is it so slow?	Good a question. that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a good question.	Computer shop? did take to a you it, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you take it to a computer shop?	Had if would money. i the i, Difficult question, this is
i would if i had the money.	With guess live i have it. well, you to, Difficult question, this is
well, i guess you have to live with it.	Out window. it throw the want to sometimes i, Yes, yes, hmmm
sometimes i want to throw it out the window.	That. to you do want don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
you don't want to do that.	Why not?, Yes, hmmm
why not?	Someone might head. the hit you in, Yes, hmmm
what's for dinner?	I'm sure. not, Yes, hmmm
i'm not sure.	A about pizza? how, Yes, yes, hmmm
how about a pizza?	For you lunch. pizza had, Difficult question, this is
you had pizza for lunch.	Pizza. love i but, Yes, yes, hmmm
but i love pizza.	Loves pizza. everybody, Yes, hmmm
everybody loves pizza.	For i pizza so why can't dinner? have, Difficult question, this is
so why can't i have pizza for dinner?	Because you variety. need, Yes, hmmm
because you need variety.	What's "variety?, Yes, hmmm
what's "variety?	The thing same different all the time. thingsnot, Difficult question, this is
different thingsnot the same thing all the time.	Pizza pizza? cheese mean, of a like pepperoni you instead a, Difficult question, this is
you mean, like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza?	Pizza. no, i salad instead mean a a of, Yes, hmmm
we need to save money.	Money? need we to do save why, Yes, hmmm
why do we need to save money?	A house. buy to need we because, Difficult question, this is
because we need to buy a house.	House so expensive. is but a, Difficult question, this is
but a house is so expensive.	Save that's to need we money. why, Difficult question, this is
that's why we need to save money.	Much how need we to save? do, Difficult question, this is
how much do we need to save?	Enough a need to save we for down payment., Yes, hmmm
we need to save enough for a down payment.	Is how that? much, Difficult question, this is
how much is that?	That's about $30,000., Difficult question, this is
that's about $30,000.	Thirty that dollars! take thousand will forever., Difficult question, this is
thirty thousand dollars! that will take forever.	Every we save if penny. not, Yes, hmmm
not if we save every penny.	Here's pennies. okay. seven, Yes, hmmm
the ocean is so big.	Of it. end can't see you the, Yes, hmmm
you can't see the end of it.	Goes it forever. on on and, Difficult question, this is
it goes on and on forever.	And it's deep, too., Yes, hmmm
and it's deep, too.	Five it's i deep. think miles, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think it's five miles deep.	Fish the are at there bottom?, Yes, yes, hmmm
are there fish at the bottom?	At top bottom. the the and fish are there, Difficult question, this is
there are fish at the top and the bottom.	People? are more or there fish more, Yes, hmmm
are there more fish or more people?	I there fish. more are think, Yes, hmmm
i think there are more fish.	Eat to love fish. i i so. hope, Yes, hmmm
i'm upset with my mom.	That? is why, Difficult question, this is
why is that?	I to her me. new her about boyfriend. she didn't listen warned, Yes, yes, hmmm
i warned her about her new boyfriend. she didn't listen to me.	Happened? what, Yes, yes, hmmm
what happened?	Her it to birthday. spend herself. i told $1,000 i for on her her gave, Difficult question, this is
i gave her $1,000 for her birthday. i told her to spend it on herself.	Of that nice was very you., Difficult question, this is
that was very nice of you.	Found it new gave her to that she boyfriend. out i, Yes, hmmm
i found out that she gave it to her new boyfriend.	She that? do did why, Yes, yes, hmmm
why did she do that?	A her would he nice ring. said buy he, Yes, hmmm
he said he would buy her a nice ring.	That? with wrong what's, Difficult question, this is
what's wrong with that?	Went he it to all vegas. lost he gambling. las, Difficult question, this is
he went to las vegas. he lost it all gambling.	Your broke hope mom with i him. up, Yes, yes, hmmm
do animals talk to each other?	Course talk to each of they other., Yes, yes, hmmm
of course they talk to each other.	Talk about? they what do, Difficult question, this is
what do they talk about?	About they other talk animals., Yes, hmmm
they talk about other animals.	Else talk about? what they do, Difficult question, this is
what else do they talk about?	They and about the talk weather. food, Difficult question, this is
they talk about food and the weather.	Us? about they talk do, Difficult question, this is
do they talk about us?	Of about they us. talk course, Difficult question, this is
of course they talk about us.	What about do say they us?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do they say about us?	That are we say funny-looking. they, Yes, yes, hmmm
they say that we are funny-looking.	Ha! are animals we're not funny-looking. funny-looking;, Difficult question, this is
ha! we're not funny-looking; animals are funny-looking.	Clothes. we funny-looking wear we're because, Yes, hmmm
i have to clean the house.	It's very dirty. yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it's very dirty.	You me. can help, Yes, yes, hmmm
you can help me.	Why me?, Yes, yes, hmmm
why me?	Helped it you make because dirty., Yes, yes, hmmm
because you helped make it dirty.	What me want to do you do?, Difficult question, this is
what do you want me to do?	The you to clean bathroom. want i, Difficult question, this is
i want you to clean the bathroom.	Easy. oh, that's, Difficult question, this is
oh, that's easy.	Sink, clean tub, and toilet. the the the counter, the, Yes, yes, hmmm
clean the sink, the tub, the counter, and the toilet.	Work. a of lot that's, Yes, hmmm
that's a lot of work.	Tell me you when finish., Yes, hmmm
tell me when you finish.	Don't work. give think more you'll me i just so., Yes, hmmm
you're watching too much tv.	What mean? do you, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	You're your mean i life. wasting, Yes, hmmm
i mean you're wasting your life.	Fun. i'm having, Yes, hmmm
i'm having fun.	You're sitting your with there open. mouth, Yes, hmmm
you're sitting there with your mouth open.	Cares? who, Yes, hmmm
who cares?	Care. do i something., Yes, hmmm
i care. do something.	Something. i did okay., Yes, hmmm
okay. i did something.	Do? what did you, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did you do?	Turned the up volume. i, Yes, hmmm
i turned up the volume.	That's by i what "do not something." meant, Difficult question, this is
that's not what i meant by "do something."	Alone. leave you do something? will me, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you write a letter to grandma?	Did. i yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, i did.	Her school? tell did about you, Yes, hmmm
did you tell her about school?	Fun. told i is school her that, Yes, hmmm
i told her that school is fun.	Put envelope? letter in an the you did, Yes, hmmm
did you put the letter in an envelope?	I the envelope. and yes, sealed, Yes, hmmm
yes, and i sealed the envelope.	You stamp put did on a the envelope?, Difficult question, this is
did you put a stamp on the envelope?	Couldn't stamps. find any i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i couldn't find any stamps.	They're the kitchen in drawer., Difficult question, this is
they're in the kitchen drawer.	Just the i envelope. stamp okay. on a put, Yes, hmmm
okay. i just put a stamp on the envelope.	Give i'll me it you. the for envelope, mail and, Difficult question, this is
give me the envelope, and i'll mail it for you.	E-mail? going to learn when is about grandma, Yes, yes, hmmm
why are you yawning?	Sleepy. i'm, Yes, hmmm
i'm sleepy.	Bed? to go don't you why, Difficult question, this is
why don't you go to bed?	To want watch this i show. tv, Difficult question, this is
i want to watch this tv show.	It. record you maybe should, Difficult question, this is
maybe you should record it.	Is the recorder tape broken., Yes, hmmm
the tape recorder is broken.	You should watch then rerun. the, Yes, hmmm
then you should watch the rerun.	Watching i'm the why? original., Yes, yes, hmmm
why? i'm watching the original.	Be one about asleep in but minute. you'll, Difficult question, this is
but you'll be asleep in about one minute.	I'm because yawning on. just are the commercials, Difficult question, this is
i'm just yawning because the commercials are on.	Okay. tell how the i'll ends. you show, Difficult question, this is
okay. i'll tell you how the show ends.	Zzz., Yes, hmmm
it's sunday.	So?, Difficult question, this is
so?	You know what that means., Yes, yes, hmmm
you know what that means.	I forgot., Yes, hmmm
i forgot.	Church. we to sunday go means, Yes, hmmm
sunday means we go to church.	Yeah. oh,, Difficult question, this is
oh, yeah.	And put a tie. coat on, Yes, yes, hmmm
put on a coat and tie.	Why?, Yes, hmmm
why?	God to show and to others. respect, Difficult question, this is
to show respect to god and others.	Glad a sunday week. i'm is only once, Yes, hmmm
i'm glad sunday is only once a week.	Hope didn't hear god i that., Yes, hmmm
i hope god didn't hear that.	Me. forgive he'll, Yes, hmmm
did you feed the cat?	That a minute. do i'll in, Difficult question, this is
i'll do that in a minute.	Meowing. he's cat the is hungry., Difficult question, this is
the cat is meowing. he's hungry.	Okay. him now. i'll feed right, Difficult question, this is
okay. i'll feed him right now.	Make you wait. shouldn't him, Difficult question, this is
you shouldn't make him wait.	My homework. i was doing, Difficult question, this is
i was doing my homework.	Your care doesn't about cat the homework., Yes, hmmm
the cat doesn't care about your homework.	Doesn't about anything. the care cat, Difficult question, this is
the cat doesn't care about anything.	Way are. that's cats the, Difficult question, this is
that's the way cats are.	They all themselves. is about think, Yes, yes, hmmm
all they think about is themselves.	Rid him. of maybe get should we, Yes, hmmm
maybe we should get rid of him.	Not! course he's family. of, Yes, hmmm
i hate shaving.	Me too., Yes, yes, hmmm
me too.	Again. just myself i cut, Yes, hmmm
i just cut myself again.	A use you blade? did new, Difficult question, this is
did you use a new blade?	Old cut. matter. cut, it new blades blades doesn't, Difficult question, this is
it doesn't matter. old blades cut, new blades cut.	You electric use maybe shaver. should an, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe you should use an electric shaver.	They don't lot a noise, give but a close of shave. they make, Yes, hmmm
they make a lot of noise, but they don't give a close shave.	Shaving. you maybe stop should, Difficult question, this is
maybe you should stop shaving.	Grow a and beard?, Difficult question, this is
and grow a beard?	Sure. not? why, Yes, yes, hmmm
sure. why not?	Beard. sticks food my in because other and stuff, Difficult question, this is
because food and other stuff sticks in my beard.	On idea. and face cat an here's hmm. it lick have off. cream the put your, Difficult question, this is
excuse me.	Yes?, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes?	This are reading you paper?, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you reading this paper?	Yourself. oh, help no., Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, no. help yourself.	Paper i because you. is sitting to next asked the, Difficult question, this is
i asked because the paper is sitting next to you.	You you. of polite ask. thank that's to, Yes, hmmm
thank you. that's polite of you to ask.	Up. just it people some pick would, Difficult question, this is
some people would just pick it up.	I some are people rude. know. yes,, Yes, hmmm
yes, i know. some people are rude.	I to try polite. always be, Yes, hmmm
i always try to be polite.	Do i. so, Yes, yes, hmmm
so do i.	World polite people the like more needs us., Yes, hmmm
the world needs more polite people like us.	Agree percent. i 100, Yes, hmmm
mom, i want a puppy.	Let it. about me think, Difficult question, this is
let me think about it.	You why to have about do it? think, Difficult question, this is
why do you have to think about it?	Money. a puppy costs because, Yes, yes, hmmm
because a puppy costs money.	Puppies free. doesn't. no, it are, Yes, hmmm
no, it doesn't. puppies are free.	Needs puppy shots. a but yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, but a puppy needs shots.	Shots what? for, Yes, yes, hmmm
shots for what?	Get shots. get just so like sick. won't you it, Yes, yes, hmmm
so it won't get sick. just like you get shots.	Shots. hate i, Difficult question, this is
i hate shots.	Costs a food. eats and puppy food money., Yes, hmmm
and a puppy eats food. food costs money.	Give i'll problem. him my no food off plate., Yes, hmmm
no problem. i'll give him food off my plate.	Oh, don't. no you don't eat vegetables. puppies, Difficult question, this is
look at all these kittens!	There? how many are, Yes, hmmm
how many are there?	Eight., Difficult question, this is
eight.	So they're cute. all, Yes, hmmm
they're all so cute.	Keep but yes, can't them. i, Difficult question, this is
yes, but i can't keep them.	With going do what you to are them?, Difficult question, this is
what are you going to do with them?	Away. give you to i'm one? going them want do, Yes, hmmm
i'm going to give them away. do you want one?	One. yes, i love would, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, i would love one.	Which you one do want?, Yes, hmmm
which one do you want?	Black. one. one all that the that's, Difficult question, this is
that one. the one that's all black.	That i yes, like too. one,, Yes, hmmm
yes, i like that one, too.	Call i'll blacky. him, Yes, hmmm
my parents go to church every sunday.	Trust in they god., Difficult question, this is
they trust in god.	Heaven. hope they will they to go, Yes, yes, hmmm
they hope they will go to heaven.	Probably will. they, Yes, yes, hmmm
they probably will.	But for sure. no one knows, Yes, yes, hmmm
but no one knows for sure.	That's sure. for, Yes, hmmm
that's for sure.	No we happens die. after one knows what, Yes, yes, hmmm
no one knows what happens after we die.	We with god. in are we good, be if will happy heaven, Yes, hmmm
if we are good, we will be happy in heaven with god.	Believe. many what that's people, Difficult question, this is
that's what many people believe.	Unhappy bad, we will forever if are in we be hell., Yes, yes, hmmm
if we are bad, we will be unhappy forever in hell.	Go hell. to i don't want to, Yes, hmmm
i don't want to go to hell.	With go parents on church sunday. your to let's, Difficult question, this is
my husband died.	For sorry i'm you., Yes, hmmm
i'm sorry for you.	Thank you., Yes, hmmm
thank you.	When he did die?, Yes, hmmm
when did he die?	A ago. couple of months, Difficult question, this is
a couple of months ago.	You him. miss still, Yes, hmmm
you still miss him.	Him every talk but day. yes, almost to i, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, but i talk to him almost every day.	Go you to when church?, Yes, yes, hmmm
when you go to church?	Cell when phone. on no, call i him his, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, when i call him on his cell phone.	Do mean? what you, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	With his i him buried phone. cell, Difficult question, this is
i buried him with his cell phone.	Do will the what dies? battery when you, Yes, yes, hmmm
today is friday the thirteenth.	Day. bad that's a, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a bad day.	To be supposed unlucky. it's, Difficult question, this is
it's supposed to be unlucky.	You're stay all day. to supposed home, Difficult question, this is
you're supposed to stay home all day.	I what do. that's, Difficult question, this is
that's what i do.	Hotel in on the friend thirteenth. friday my a stayed, Difficult question, this is
my friend stayed in a hotel on friday the thirteenth.	Mistake. a that was, Difficult question, this is
that was a mistake.	Thirteenth stayed floor. on he the, Yes, hmmm
he stayed on the thirteenth floor.	What happened?, Difficult question, this is
what happened?	Someone laptop. stole his, Difficult question, this is
someone stole his laptop.	For he asking it. was, Yes, yes, hmmm
he was asking for it.	He his lesson. learned today. home he's, Difficult question, this is
do you really love me?	Course. of, Difficult question, this is
of course.	Prove it., Yes, yes, hmmm
prove it.	I how can it? prove, Difficult question, this is
how can i prove it?	To dinner. me take, Yes, hmmm
take me to dinner.	It? that's to that's have do? i all, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's it? that's all i have to do?	Mcdonald's. take nice a not me to to restaurant,, Yes, yes, hmmm
take me to a nice restaurant, not to mcdonald's.	Restaurant nice costs money. a but, Yes, hmmm
but a nice restaurant costs money.	And to yes, have you make a reservation., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, and you have to make a reservation.	A such hassle. that's, Difficult question, this is
that's such a hassle.	Me. didn't you i knew love, Yes, yes, hmmm
i knew you didn't love me.	A reservation right make okay! okay, now. i'll, Difficult question, this is
my parents are divorced.	Are so mine., Difficult question, this is
so are mine.	Why get divorced? parents did your, Yes, yes, hmmm
why did your parents get divorced?	New my found father girlfriend. a, Difficult question, this is
my father found a new girlfriend.	Too that's bad., Difficult question, this is
that's too bad.	My angry. was mother hurt and, Difficult question, this is
my mother was hurt and angry.	Good she had reason. did do? what she, Difficult question, this is
she had good reason. what did she do?	His him girlfriend. to told she drop, Difficult question, this is
she told him to drop his girlfriend.	Father do? did what your, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did your father do?	Our moved out of house. he, Difficult question, this is
he moved out of our house.	Liked really new he i girlfriend. his guess, Yes, hmmm
i guess he really liked his new girlfriend.	She year left later. a but yes, him, Yes, hmmm
my grandma's apartment smells funny.	So mine. does, Yes, yes, hmmm
so does mine.	It's old an i smell. people's think, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think it's an old people's smell.	Really?, Difficult question, this is
really?	Get i you smell. think when old, you yes. to begin, Yes, hmmm
yes. i think when you get old, you begin to smell.	Fruit is too that ripe? like, Yes, yes, hmmm
like fruit that is too ripe?	Ripe. like that fruit yes, is too just, Yes, hmmm
yes, just like fruit that is too ripe.	Smell but is the different., Yes, yes, hmmm
but the smell is different.	Fruit. don't people old yes, smell like, Yes, hmmm
yes, old people don't smell like fruit.	No, thrift like shop. smell a they, Yes, hmmm
no, they smell like a thrift shop.	Smell. has that yes, a shop same thrift, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, a thrift shop has that same smell.	Yes, old smell. an, Yes, yes, hmmm
the price of stamps goes up and up.	Think cost stamps used a to penny. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think stamps used to cost a penny.	Long ago. was that time a, Difficult question, this is
that was a long time ago.	Was was it born. before i, Difficult question, this is
it was before i was born.	Is now a stamp 42 cents., Yes, hmmm
now a stamp is 42 cents.	Cents. may 44 in be but will it, Difficult question, this is
but in may it will be 44 cents.	Ever mail? you letter a the lost have in, Yes, hmmm
have you ever lost a letter in the mail?	I no, haven't., Yes, yes, hmmm
no, i haven't.	Have i. neither, Yes, hmmm
neither have i.	They the job so, do money. good for a, Yes, yes, hmmm
so, they do a good job for the money.	Yes, do. they, Yes, hmmm
yes, they do.	Maybe shouldn't complain. we, Yes, hmmm
a button came off my shirt.	Are what going to do? you, Yes, yes, hmmm
what are you going to do?	Have first, to find i button. the, Difficult question, this is
first, i have to find the button.	Did lose where it? you, Yes, yes, hmmm
where did you lose it?	No have idea. i, Yes, hmmm
i have no idea.	Cuffs? is in button your look did to pant you hard a find., Yes, yes, hmmm
a button is hard to find. did you look in your pant cuffs?	That's idea. a good, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a good idea.	Found in my one time. pant button cuffs a i, Yes, hmmm
i found a button in my pant cuffs one time.	It's not no, me let there. look., Difficult question, this is
let me look. no, it's not there.	Shirts many extra with come an button., Yes, hmmm
many shirts come with an extra button.	Right. an this you're extra have one does button., Yes, hmmm
you're right. this one does have an extra button.	On. all is to you sew it now have do, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have to go to the bathroom.	Much too coffee. you drink, Yes, yes, hmmm
you drink too much coffee.	Love but coffee. i, Difficult question, this is
but i love coffee.	Life. well, your it's, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, it's your life.	Chocolate. too eat much you, Yes, hmmm
you eat too much chocolate.	Don't i think so., Difficult question, this is
i don't think so.	The in mirror? you have looked, Yes, hmmm
have you looked in the mirror?	Fat? getting i'm think you do, Difficult question, this is
do you think i'm getting fat?	Say i didn't that., Difficult question, this is
i didn't say that.	Say? you what did, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did you say?	To bathroom. to go i have said i the, Yes, hmmm
i said i have to go to the bathroom.	That's i said. thought what you, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you do the laundry?	Did. yes, i, Yes, hmmm
yes, i did.	You what did wash?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did you wash?	I sheets the towels. and washed, Difficult question, this is
i washed the sheets and towels.	Pillowcases? about the what, Yes, yes, hmmm
what about the pillowcases?	Pillows the off them took yes, i washed and them., Yes, hmmm
yes, i took them off the pillows and washed them.	In everything the did you dry dryer?, Yes, hmmm
did you dry everything in the dryer?	In everything i the dryer. yes, dried, Yes, hmmm
yes, i dried everything in the dryer.	Then do? you what did, Yes, yes, hmmm
then what did you do?	Towels. folded all i the, Difficult question, this is
i folded all the towels.	You put the the sheets on beds? did, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you put the sheets on the beds?	Yes, and put on the the i pillowcases pillows., Yes, yes, hmmm
do you listen to the radio?	And day listen i night., Yes, yes, hmmm
i listen day and night.	What listen do you to?, Difficult question, this is
what do you listen to?	Radio. talk mostly, Yes, yes, hmmm
mostly talk radio.	That? what's, Yes, hmmm
what's that?	About events. people talk current, Yes, hmmm
people talk about current events.	What do they say?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do they say?	They want say change. they, Yes, hmmm
they say they want change.	What of kind change?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what kind of change?	Tax want they cuts., Difficult question, this is
they want tax cuts.	Why do want cuts? tax they, Difficult question, this is
why do they want tax cuts?	Because them money. tax save will cuts, Yes, yes, hmmm
mom, i'm hungry.	The fridge. look in, Difficult question, this is
look in the fridge.	To eat. nothing looking. i'm there's, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm looking. there's nothing to eat.	Sure? are you, Yes, hmmm
are you sure?	It's empty. almost, Yes, hmmm
it's almost empty.	Went the market to yesterday. i, Difficult question, this is
i went to the market yesterday.	Anything. see don't i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't see anything.	Lots oranges of apples. bought i and, Difficult question, this is
i bought lots of oranges and apples.	I something want i don't want tasty. fruit., Yes, hmmm
i don't want fruit. i want something tasty.	Fruit. good it's the you. eat for, Yes, yes, hmmm
eat the fruit. it's good for you.	Time let you. with go the go next market, you me to, Yes, yes, hmmm
next time you go to the market, let me go with you.	Hot candy you. bars. and eat all no, you to want thank are dogs, Yes, hmmm
what is there to eat?	I know. in look the don't fridge., Difficult question, this is
i don't know. look in the fridge.	A think i'll sandwich. i make, Yes, hmmm
i think i'll make a sandwich.	Kind? what, Yes, hmmm
what kind?	A ham sandwich., Difficult question, this is
a ham sandwich.	Cabinet. is the the bread in, Yes, yes, hmmm
the bread is in the cabinet.	The mustard? where's, Difficult question, this is
where's the mustard?	It's think. i fridge, the in, Yes, hmmm
it's in the fridge, i think.	Sandwich? want is. it a here you oh, do yes,, Yes, hmmm
oh, yes, here it is. do you want a sandwich?	Sounds that yes, nice., Difficult question, this is
yes, that sounds nice.	Some how chips? about potato, Difficult question, this is
how about some potato chips?	If any. we have pickle, a and yes., Yes, yes, hmmm
it's time for your bath, young lady.	Mom, i'm dirty. not but,, Yes, hmmm
but, mom, i'm not dirty.	A need every you day. bath, Difficult question, this is
you need a bath every day.	Why?, Yes, hmmm
why?	You smell don't bad. to want because, Difficult question, this is
because you don't want to smell bad.	Don't bad. smell i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't smell bad.	You think. that's what, Yes, hmmm
that's what you think.	I smelled bad, could smell i if me., Difficult question, this is
if i smelled bad, i could smell me.	Can you. smell i, Yes, hmmm
i can smell you.	Can you, i too. smell, Difficult question, this is
i can smell you, too.	My that's perfume., Yes, yes, hmmm
that's my perfume.	I when wear perfume? can, Yes, yes, hmmm
something's wrong with my computer.	Exactly what?, Yes, yes, hmmm
exactly what?	Is black all a i screen. get, Difficult question, this is
all i get is a black screen.	What's matter? the, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's the matter?	Think before. because i know, happened this i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think i know, because this happened before.	What happened before?, Difficult question, this is
what happened before?	Hard crashed. my drive, Difficult question, this is
my hard drive crashed.	Oh, no. news. bad that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, no. that's bad news.	To just is, hp going sure. make to sure i'm it call first, but, Yes, yes, hmmm
it sure is, but i'm going to call hp first, just to make sure.	You lose your will all files?, Yes, hmmm
will you lose all your files?	No, files. my up always back i, Difficult question, this is
no, i always back up my files.	You're smart., Yes, hmmm
i called hp about my computer.	They did what say?, Difficult question, this is
what did they say?	New hard drive. said a they need i, Yes, yes, hmmm
they said i need a new hard drive.	How too bad. is one? much new a that's, Yes, hmmm
that's too bad. how much is a new one?	It's too about only $85. not much,, Difficult question, this is
it's not too much, only about $85.	Plus installation?, Yes, hmmm
plus installation?	Remove replace. is and my easy hard drive to no,, Yes, hmmm
no, my hard drive is easy to remove and replace.	Really?, Yes, yes, hmmm
really?	Yes, couple just a of it's screws., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it's just a couple of screws.	Nice. that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's nice.	It's a $60. paying someone lot better than, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's a lot better than paying someone $60.	Drive you. just i'll my if hard crashes, call, Yes, hmmm
what's your email address?	Bluedog123. it's, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's bluedog123.	All? sure bluedog123. you that's are, Difficult question, this is
bluedog123. are you sure that's all?	Yes., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes.	No. that's incomplete., Yes, hmmm
no. that's incomplete.	What do you mean?, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	What's mailing address? your, Yes, hmmm
what's your mailing address?	Pasadena, 91170. ca 456 drive, cherry, Yes, hmmm
456 cherry drive, pasadena, ca 91170.	Correct. that's, Difficult question, this is
that's correct.	Problem? so the what's, Yes, hmmm
so what's the problem?	Just to have is zip state, code. the street. and bluedog123 city, you me the give, Yes, yes, hmmm
bluedog123 is just the street. you have to give me the city, state, and zip code.	My get email it. bluedog123@yahoo.com. oh, is i address, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm going to take a nap.	The should unplug phone. you, Yes, hmmm
you should unplug the phone.	That's a idea. good, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a good idea.	In you want to you an hour? wake me do, Difficult question, this is
do you want me to wake you in an hour?	Me sleep let just i wake up. no, thanks. until, Yes, hmmm
no, thanks. just let me sleep until i wake up.	Dinner 6:00. start at i'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll start dinner at 6:00.	Okay. think by awake then. i be i'll, Yes, hmmm
okay. i think i'll be awake by then.	Wake you your up. will not, if nose, Difficult question, this is
if not, your nose will wake you up.	The smell will you i cooking? mean food, Yes, yes, hmmm
you mean i will smell the food cooking?	You dinner. about even dream might, Yes, hmmm
you might even dream about dinner.	Going think really about to tired. anything. i'm don't i'm i dream, Difficult question, this is
i don't think i'm going to dream about anything. i'm really tired.	A nap. nice have, Yes, hmmm
that was a nice funeral.	Dad, yes, it was., Yes, hmmm
yes, dad, it was.	Gave son nice his speech the father. about a, Yes, yes, hmmm
the son gave a nice speech about his father.	Long, too. it was, Difficult question, this is
it was long, too.	Long. it 45 i was minutes think about, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think it was about 45 minutes long.	It by fast. but went it was interesting., Difficult question, this is
but it went by fast. it was interesting.	Liked i it., Difficult question, this is
i liked it.	Too. you like give a that, speech i'll, Difficult question, this is
i'll give you a speech like that, too.	Come do think my you to funeral? will anyone, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you think anyone will come to my funeral?	Course. of, Yes, hmmm
of course.	The only i family will think there. be, Yes, hmmm
i think only the family will be there.	Of be will there, lots too! you they friends. have, Yes, hmmm
yikes! what was that noise?	Nose. had blow my to i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i had to blow my nose.	To did you next blow to the right have phone?, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you have to blow right next to the phone?	Did you hear that?, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you hear that?	Crashed plane heard i house. of into that. i thought had your course a, Difficult question, this is
of course i heard that. i thought a plane had crashed into your house.	That loud. wasn't it, Yes, hmmm
it wasn't that loud.	Sometime my blow see. i nose you, and for will you'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
i will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.	Word for take it. okay. your i'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
okay. i'll take your word for it.	You thought had your house. elephant i an in, Yes, hmmm
i thought you had an elephant in your house.	You're funny., Difficult question, this is
you're funny.	You gone deaf. i've did what say? think i, Yes, hmmm
what did you say? i think i've gone deaf.	Going the my to bathroom into blow i'm i'll back. nose. be right, Difficult question, this is
i have lots of friends.	Many have? you really? do how, Difficult question, this is
really? how many do you have?	Hundred. i maybe know, one don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't know, maybe one hundred.	Is a friend? of best a do you friends. that have lot, Yes, yes, hmmm
that is a lot of friends. do you have a best friend?	Of i best course. have of lots friends., Difficult question, this is
of course. i have lots of best friends.	How many have? best do you friends, Difficult question, this is
how many best friends do you have?	Think twenty-five. i about, Difficult question, this is
i think about twenty-five.	Only best one friend. hmm. i have, Difficult question, this is
hmm. i have only one best friend.	You. i feel sorry for, Yes, yes, hmmm
i feel sorry for you.	Few i friends. have a only, Difficult question, this is
i have only a few friends.	With my share will lonely. i be you must friends you., Yes, yes, hmmm
you must be lonely. i will share my friends with you.	You. that's nice of very, Yes, hmmm
don't you ever cheat on me.	That? do why i would, Yes, yes, hmmm
why would i do that?	Because to like cheat. men, Yes, yes, hmmm
because men like to cheat.	Me. some not but do, men, Yes, hmmm
some men do, but not me.	I'm you. watching, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm watching you.	All an i'm want. you watch book. me open, Difficult question, this is
i'm an open book. watch me all you want.	You, you'll if catch be sorry. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
if i catch you, you'll be sorry.	Love me, i'm i catch cheater. you. a not because you won't, Difficult question, this is
you won't catch me, because i love you. i'm not a cheater.	Will eyes poke your i out., Difficult question, this is
i will poke your eyes out. 	Don't want i other any woman., Difficult question, this is
i don't want any other woman.	Toes your chop one. i off, by one will, Yes, hmmm
i will chop your toes off, one by one.	Forever. the it. for please. you're woman honey, me, i only swear, Difficult question, this is
i hate to go outside.	Too. me, Yes, yes, hmmm
me too.	You hate to go why outside? do, Difficult question, this is
why do you hate to go outside?	Too meet many i jerks., Difficult question, this is
i meet too many jerks.	Agree. i, Yes, hmmm
i agree.	Of this full jerks. is city, Yes, yes, hmmm
this city is full of jerks.	Everywhere. people are rude, Yes, hmmm
rude people are everywhere.	But do? what can you, Difficult question, this is
but what can you do?	Them. can you at yell, Yes, yes, hmmm
you can yell at them.	You. yell will back at and they, Yes, hmmm
and they will yell back at you.	Good. doesn't do yelling any, Yes, hmmm
yelling doesn't do any good.	No. best the home. to is stay do just thing, Difficult question, this is
will you look at this form?	It? are having with problems you, Difficult question, this is
are you having problems with it?	Don't i understand things. some, Yes, hmmm
i don't understand some things.	You. let help me, Yes, hmmm
let me help you.	What mean? "mi" does, Yes, hmmm
what does "mi" mean?	Stands initial. "mi" middle for, Yes, hmmm
"mi" stands for middle initial.	Does mean? what "mm/dd/yy", Yes, yes, hmmm
what does "mm/dd/yy" mean?	That use means numbers. month/day/year., Yes, yes, hmmm
that means month/day/year. use numbers.	Don't understand. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't understand.	Write your if birth date 1987, is for example, 01/12/87. january 12,, Difficult question, this is
for example, if your birth date is january 12, 1987, write 01/12/87.	That's oh. simple enough., Difficult question, this is
oh. that's simple enough.	The completely. bubbles clearly, always and print in fill, Difficult question, this is
let's go to the animal shelter.	Want to what you do? do, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do you want to do?	I puppy my for get a son. want to, Yes, yes, hmmm
i want to get a puppy for my son.	So that happy. him make will, Yes, hmmm
that will make him so happy.	Him little those dogs. i'll of get one, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll get him one of those little dogs.	That one up won't too grow big., Yes, yes, hmmm
one that won't grow up too big.	Eat much. too and, Difficult question, this is
and eat too much.	He would know do which you like? one, Difficult question, this is
do you know which one he would like?	Took oh, he he one yes, him me there showed i yesterday. liked. really that, Difficult question, this is
oh, yes, i took him there yesterday. he showed me one that he really liked.	You away. him drag bet had i to, Yes, yes, hmmm
i bet you had to drag him away.	To it take home yesterday. he wanted, Yes, yes, hmmm
he wanted to take it home yesterday.	What he'll i it. wonder name, Yes, hmmm
what's the weather like?	Woke i up. i know. just don't, Yes, hmmm
i don't know. i just woke up.	Outside? look why don't you, Yes, yes, hmmm
why don't you look outside?	Looks rain. like okay. it, Yes, hmmm
okay. it looks like rain.	Why that? do you say, Yes, hmmm
why do you say that?	The is sky gray., Yes, hmmm
the sky is gray.	Raining now? right it is, Difficult question, this is
is it raining right now?	No., Difficult question, this is
no.	Do you know? how, Yes, yes, hmmm
how do you know?	The wet. isn't street, Difficult question, this is
the street isn't wet.	Today. i go have to shopping, Yes, hmmm
i have to go shopping today.	An better take you'd umbrella., Difficult question, this is
i can't believe how hot it is.	Even yet. not it's noon, Yes, hmmm
it's not even noon yet.	Will it hotter. that means get, Yes, hmmm
that means it will get hotter.	Am heat. the i from dying, Difficult question, this is
i am dying from the heat.	Air on conditioner. the turn, Yes, hmmm
turn on the air conditioner.	It doesn't work., Yes, yes, hmmm
it doesn't work.	What happened?, Yes, hmmm
what happened?	Know. don't i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't know.	The repairman? call did you, Yes, hmmm
did you call the repairman?	Of course., Yes, yes, hmmm
of course.	Coming? when he is, Difficult question, this is
when is he coming?	He he's busy. said week. next, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll be glad when winter comes.	That? why is, Difficult question, this is
why is that?	The i love because snow., Yes, hmmm
because i love the snow.	Is snow yes, fun. the, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, the snow is fun.	Big snowman. year last made we a, Difficult question, this is
last year we made a big snowman.	Was it? how big, Yes, yes, hmmm
how big was it?	It seven tall. feet was, Yes, yes, hmmm
it was seven feet tall.	Long how did take? it, Difficult question, this is
how long did it take?	Took day. it us all, Yes, hmmm
it took us all day.	A him you nose? give did, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you give him a nose?	Nose. we a for carrot of course. big him a gave, Yes, hmmm
of course. we gave him a big carrot for a nose.	You let this me make help year. one, Yes, hmmm
i'm going to the bank.	Do what need do? you to, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do you need to do?	Money. withdraw some need to i, Difficult question, this is
i need to withdraw some money.	Going you are do to that? how, Difficult question, this is
how are you going to do that?	Use atm. the i'll just, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll just use the atm.	What's that?, Difficult question, this is
what's that?	The it's machine. teller automatic, Yes, hmmm
it's the automatic teller machine.	Money? you it gives, Yes, yes, hmmm
it gives you money?	Card just debit insert the i my into machine., Yes, hmmm
i just insert my debit card into the machine.	It and gives money? you, Yes, yes, hmmm
and it gives you money?	Money, well, gives my it me it's but own money., Yes, yes, hmmm
well, it gives me money, but it's my own money.	Money. free good oh. i thought that? what it you is gave, Yes, hmmm
did you put the blue bin out on the street?	Oh, i no. forgot., Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, no. i forgot.	It well, take you'd better out front., Difficult question, this is
well, you'd better take it out front.	Does truck the time come by? recycle what, Difficult question, this is
what time does the recycle truck come by?	Tuesday, which is it here on at tomorrow. gets noon usually, Difficult question, this is
it usually gets here at noon on tuesday, which is tomorrow.	To street just it morning. tomorrow the i'll take out, Yes, hmmm
i'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning.	Oh, no, don't. you, Yes, hmmm
oh, no, you don't.	Mean? do what you, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	Up morning rush and every you work get off to late. late, Yes, hmmm
every morning you get up late and rush off to work late.	Do i'll think you to do forget it?, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you think i'll forget to do it?	It, do it. to you do remember have you'll but won't time to, Yes, yes, hmmm
you'll remember to do it, but you won't have time to do it.	Front now. right okay, out take i'll it, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you ready?	Ready what? for, Difficult question, this is
ready for what?	The switch. ready big for, Yes, hmmm
ready for the big switch.	What about? you talking are, Yes, hmmm
what are you talking about?	Tv. switching to digital the nation is, Difficult question, this is
the nation is switching to digital tv.	Of ready. i'm course oh., Yes, yes, hmmm
oh. of course i'm ready.	Did buy the you converter?, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you buy the converter?	Digital tv. don't i no, i converter bought a need because a, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, i don't need a converter because i bought a digital tv.	Much was how that?, Yes, hmmm
how much was that?	About for only was a 13-inch screen. it $120, Yes, hmmm
it was only about $120 for a 13-inch screen.	It digital channels? any up does pick, Yes, hmmm
does it pick up any digital channels?	In channels i get but korean oh, english! six yes. nothing, Yes, hmmm
people are funny.	Sure they are., Yes, yes, hmmm
they sure are.	Did you hear pilot? about the, Yes, hmmm
did you hear about the pilot?	One that the a plane? small stole, Yes, yes, hmmm
the one that stole a small plane?	A stole the canada and yes, into u.s. in plane flew he, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u.s.	Him? catch they did, Yes, yes, hmmm
did they catch him?	On highway. hour, jets followed two fighter yes. u.s. an after landed a him for he, Difficult question, this is
yes. after two u.s. fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway.	Crash? did he, Yes, yes, hmmm
did he crash?	No, a to the restaurant. walked plane just he landed and, Yes, hmmm
no, he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant.	Cops did find the out into u.s.? why he the flew, Difficult question, this is
did the cops find out why he flew into the u.s.?	Down. he him fighter sucked. was life would shoot his jet hoping a, Yes, hmmm
his life sucked. he was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down.	Guy. poor, Yes, yes, hmmm
the police need our help finding a robber.	You do know? how, Difficult question, this is
how do you know?	The bank is a tv reporting news robbery., Yes, yes, hmmm
the tv news is reporting a bank robbery.	Looks the like? they robber do what know, Yes, yes, hmmm
do they know what the robber looks like?	6 and pounds, feet years he's black yes, old. hair, tall, 200 about 30, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, he's 6 feet tall, 200 pounds, black hair, and about 30 years old.	He? what race is, Difficult question, this is
what race is he?	They say. didn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
they didn't say.	The news tell anymore. race the doesn't tv us, Yes, yes, hmmm
the tv news doesn't tell us the race anymore.	Course of be not. that racist. would, Yes, yes, hmmm
of course not. that would be racist.	How someone we can but we if know race? their identify don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
but how can we identify someone if we don't know their race?	Don't me. ask, Yes, yes, hmmm
don't ask me.	They if is or us sexist. female, that male the also shouldn't because then tell is robber, Yes, hmmm
don't wipe your nose on your sleeve.	A have but tissue. don't i, Yes, hmmm
but i don't have a tissue.	The a tissue go then bathroom. in find, Yes, yes, hmmm
then go find a tissue in the bathroom.	To there. time didn't one i get from have, Yes, hmmm
i didn't have time to get one from there.	Your tissues. sleeves not are, Difficult question, this is
your sleeves are not tissues.	But their all use my mom, sleeves. friends, Yes, yes, hmmm
but mom, all my friends use their sleeves.	Right. that it doesn't make, Yes, yes, hmmm
that doesn't make it right.	On wipe i nose yesterday. dad his sleeve saw his, Difficult question, this is
i saw dad wipe his nose on his sleeve yesterday.	Father to about your i will talk that., Difficult question, this is
i will talk to your father about that.	He was i it when bet all my the did time age. dad, Yes, hmmm
i bet dad did it all the time when he was my age.	Your little was boy. a good daddy, Yes, yes, hmmm
your daddy was a good little boy.	You too? you were his know? do mommy, how, Yes, hmmm
i'm worried.	Worried about what?, Yes, yes, hmmm
worried about what?	Getting married. i'm, Yes, hmmm
i'm getting married.	Worried. you happy, should be not, Yes, yes, hmmm
you should be happy, not worried.	Marriage of lot is responsibility. i am happy, a but, Yes, yes, hmmm
i am happy, but marriage is a lot of responsibility.	Yes, take of wife. to care you your have, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, you have to take care of your wife.	Have i and take children. care to our of, Yes, yes, hmmm
and i have to take care of our children.	Are you to start family? going a, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you going to start a family?	To boy a little girl. we have little and yes. want a, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. we want to have a little boy and a little girl.	Wonderful. that sounds, Yes, hmmm
that sounds wonderful.	Can't except it! we afford, Yes, yes, hmmm
except we can't afford it!	Worried. you're no wonder, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't get art.	Artists. or, Difficult question, this is
or artists.	They're in different a world., Yes, hmmm
they're in a different world.	A jar full i painting of that was a pencils. saw of, Yes, hmmm
i saw a painting of a jar that was full of pencils.	Both full empty. jar the and was said artist the, Difficult question, this is
the artist said the jar was both full and empty.	Pencils! was full but it was of could how say empty? he it, Difficult question, this is
but it was full of pencils! how could he say it was empty?	Differently. things artists see, Difficult question, this is
artists see things differently.	That anything did you picasso ever see painted?, Yes, hmmm
did you ever see anything that picasso painted?	World course! of he's famous., Yes, hmmm
of course! he's world famous.	Take ever lessons? he art did, Yes, hmmm
did he ever take art lessons?	That believe third paintings drew in grade. i i can't like it., Yes, hmmm
i can't believe it. i drew paintings like that in third grade.	Are worth maybe where millions. are they? they, Yes, hmmm
what's the point?	What? the of point, Yes, hmmm
the point of what?	Living. of, Yes, yes, hmmm
of living.	Die. and you who knows? then you live,, Yes, yes, hmmm
who knows? you live, and then you die.	We for reason. be must here some, Yes, yes, hmmm
we must be here for some reason.	To here maybe have we're fun., Yes, hmmm
maybe we're here to have fun.	Fun? why then having i aren't, Yes, yes, hmmm
then why aren't i having fun?	Much. because you're thinking too, Yes, hmmm
because you're thinking too much.	Stop should so thinking? i, Yes, hmmm
so i should stop thinking?	Thinking the is. about point stop what, Difficult question, this is
stop thinking about what the point is.	Fun. thinking some start having i'll okay. about, Yes, yes, hmmm
okay. i'll start thinking about having some fun.	Five come patient. be every minutes. doesn't fun just along, Yes, yes, hmmm
beer is a powerful drug.	Cigarettes. are so, Yes, yes, hmmm
so are cigarettes.	Prefer? which would you, Yes, hmmm
which would you prefer?	You what do mean?, Difficult question, this is
what do you mean?	Or you they and to go beer die when offer cigarettes. will heaven, you, Difficult question, this is
when you die and go to heaven, they will offer you beer or cigarettes.	Only one could i pick or the other?, Yes, hmmm
i could pick only one or the other?	Not nothing's yes. even in perfect, heaven., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. nothing's perfect, not even in heaven.	Boy, that's one. a tough, Yes, hmmm
boy, that's a tough one.	I so what's pick cigarettes. it? of course, tough would about, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's so tough about it? of course, i would pick cigarettes.	Cigarettes better cold but when a taste you beer. much have, Yes, yes, hmmm
but cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer.	Can't you well, have everything., Difficult question, this is
well, you can't have everything.	Your i don't to think to heaven. want i go, Yes, hmmm
my pants have a hole in the front pocket.	In your carry shouldn't you pocket. pens, Difficult question, this is
you shouldn't carry pens in your pocket.	My through pen shoe. pants fell onto yesterday a my, Yes, hmmm
yesterday a pen fell through my pants onto my shoe.	It wasn't sharp lucky you for a knife., Yes, hmmm
lucky for you it wasn't a sharp knife.	Their carries who pocket? knife sharp a in, Yes, hmmm
who carries a sharp knife in their pocket?	Course. criminals, of, Yes, yes, hmmm
criminals, of course.	To have hole. the anyway, fix i, Yes, yes, hmmm
anyway, i have to fix the hole.	It up can patch. an iron-on use sew or you, Yes, yes, hmmm
you can sew it up or use an iron-on patch.	Patch. about tell me this, Yes, yes, hmmm
tell me about this patch.	Patch glue hot the melts sticks glue. the on. the so patch iron the has, Yes, hmmm
the patch has glue. the hot iron melts the glue so the patch sticks on.	Sewing. a sounds than that easier lot, Yes, hmmm
that sounds a lot easier than sewing.	But washings, ten off. it about after glue is. washes the, Difficult question, this is
do you know any good jokes?	Remember i jokes. can't, Yes, hmmm
i can't remember jokes.	I. can neither, Yes, hmmm
neither can i.	And other. ear they out go in one the, Yes, yes, hmmm
they go in one ear and out the other.	These makes who up jokes? all, Yes, yes, hmmm
who makes up all these jokes?	A there every ones knows? must who hundred day. new but be, Yes, hmmm
who knows? but there must be a hundred new ones every day.	Yes, in just english alone., Difficult question, this is
yes, just in english alone.	Wonder has if i jokes. every language, Yes, hmmm
i wonder if every language has jokes.	Everywhere people jokes. of course! good like, Yes, hmmm
of course! people everywhere like good jokes.	You the most? do what joke think about people, Difficult question, this is
what do you think people joke about the most?	Women. i think jokes about most are, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think most jokes are about women.	I men! most really? jokes about oh, are think, Yes, yes, hmmm
you're very lucky.	Do that? say why you, Yes, hmmm
why do you say that?	You speak languages. two, Difficult question, this is
you speak two languages.	Isn't my perfect. well, english, Difficult question, this is
well, my english isn't perfect.	No english. perfect speaks one, Yes, yes, hmmm
no one speaks perfect english.	The will maybe first! be i, Difficult question, this is
maybe i will be the first!	About thinking i've been learning spanish., Yes, hmmm
i've been thinking about learning spanish.	Easy. is spanish be i'll you. to happy teach, Difficult question, this is
spanish is easy. i'll be happy to teach you.	To me long take how learn? it will, Yes, hmmm
how long will it take me to learn?	Year will only take a you i or two. think it, Yes, hmmm
i think it will only take you a year or two.	Can how begin? we soon, Yes, hmmm
how soon can we begin?	Ahora! right that means now., Difficult question, this is
do you know what today is?	April it's 22. yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it's april 22.	Just than it's date. a more, Yes, hmmm
it's more than just a date.	Or anniversary? it your is birthday, Yes, yes, hmmm
is it your birthday or anniversary?	No, it's earth day., Yes, yes, hmmm
no, it's earth day.	That? what's, Difficult question, this is
what's that?	Take care it's our planet. of to reminder a yearly, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's a yearly reminder to take care of our planet.	Things you oh, recycle reuse stuff? mean and like, Difficult question, this is
oh, you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff?	Green, stop bags. need save think water, and we plastic using to yes., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. we need to think green, save water, and stop using plastic bags.	Showers? take shorter i about if how, Yes, hmmm
how about if i take shorter showers?	A idea, good of water. that's because showers a waste lot, Yes, hmmm
that's a good idea, because showers waste a lot of water.	I'll spend shower. minutes on only 20 in from the now, Yes, hmmm
poetry sucks.	Likes know who don't it. anyone i, Yes, hmmm
i don't know anyone who likes it.	Some guess. i it of okay, is, Difficult question, this is
some of it is okay, i guess.	Yes, remember. and the rhyme that poems are to easy, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, the poems that rhyme and are easy to remember.	"one, my two, like buckle shoe.", Yes, yes, hmmm
like "one, two, buckle my shoe."	Poems. people write but still, Yes, hmmm
but people still write poems.	No at money makes any one it., Yes, hmmm
no one makes any money at it.	A poet. shakespeare was, Difficult question, this is
shakespeare was a poet.	Did from he get his poetry? rich, Difficult question, this is
did he get rich from his poetry?	Not. probably, Difficult question, this is
probably not.	Bit like a little songs. are poems, Difficult question, this is
poems are a little bit like songs.	Suck, would yes, music. music, without songs songs too. but have, Difficult question, this is
how smart are you?	Know. i'm average. i don't i think, Difficult question, this is
i don't know. i think i'm average.	Ever take did test? you iq an, Difficult question, this is
did you ever take an iq test?	And got is school. i did. all never i a's that know no, b's i in, Yes, hmmm
no, i never did. all i know is that i got a's and b's in school.	I smart. i really wish was, Difficult question, this is
i wish i was really smart.	Be don't ridiculous., Yes, hmmm
don't be ridiculous.	Do you mean? what, Difficult question, this is
what do you mean?	If you're wish, rich you or to famous. were going wish that a make really, Yes, yes, hmmm
if you're going to make a wish, wish that you were really rich or famous.	Ever super-smart? wonder don't what be it's you to like, Yes, hmmm
don't you ever wonder what it's like to be super-smart?	Very lonely. be must it, Yes, yes, hmmm
it must be very lonely.	That? why's, Yes, yes, hmmm
why's that?	Understands because you're one you're no super-smart, what if saying., Difficult question, this is
i missed the tv news last night. what was on?	Pass nothing news. that as would, Yes, hmmm
nothing that would pass as news.	Going this weather weekend? like to be what's the, Yes, hmmm
what's the weather going to be like this weekend?	I on, i channels. whenever the don't comes know. switch weather, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't know. whenever the weather comes on, i switch channels.	What story was the on news? lead the, Yes, hmmm
what was the lead story on the news?	Some driving court in was actress for license. a without, Difficult question, this is
some actress was in court for driving without a license.	What second the was story?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what was the second story?	Be actor young woman a to married daughter. his some enough, Difficult question, this is
some actor married a woman young enough to be his daughter.	The third was story? what, Difficult question, this is
what was the third story?	A a man supermarket. a chased in bull, Yes, yes, hmmm
a bull chased a man in a supermarket.	About octo-mom? there anything wasn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
wasn't there anything about octo-mom?	Eight for going hire nanny infants. her a she's course. to of, Difficult question, this is
what are you going to do about your death?	I'll mostly avoid well, it. try to, Yes, hmmm
well, mostly i'll try to avoid it.	Are cremated? mean, to or you get buried i going, Yes, yes, hmmm
i mean, are you going to get buried or cremated?	Be and will wife cremated. i my, Yes, yes, hmmm
my wife and i will be cremated.	Buried to be you are next each going other? to, Difficult question, this is
are you going to be buried next to each other?	Ashes the no. our be will oh, ocean. into shaken, Difficult question, this is
oh, no. our ashes will be shaken into the ocean.	Be not going you're buried? to, Yes, yes, hmmm
you're not going to be buried?	Space. much and coffin a costs up much too too takes, Yes, yes, hmmm
a coffin costs too much and takes up too much space.	Your can a visit in be you. it where but yes, will children cemetery, Yes, hmmm
yes, but it will be in a cemetery where your children can visit you.	Seldom children visit their in cemetery. parents a, Yes, yes, hmmm
children seldom visit their parents in a cemetery.	Is people. for people, cemetery true. not living that's a dead, Yes, hmmm
that's true. a cemetery is for dead people, not living people.	We visit to our whenever beach. us the figure kids they go can, Yes, hmmm
did you wipe your feet? 	Feet. yes, wiped i my of course, Difficult question, this is
yes, of course i wiped my feet.	On mud why the carpet? then is there, Yes, hmmm
then why is there mud on the carpet?	It's know. my not i don't mud., Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't know. it's not my mud.	Into the it someone well, brought house., Difficult question, this is
well, someone brought it into the house.	Of at clean. bottom my the shoesthey're look, Difficult question, this is
look at the bottom of my shoesthey're clean.	Carpet. they're course left clean. the the of on mud all you, Yes, hmmm
of course they're clean. you left all the mud on the carpet.	The cleaner. okay, i'll get vacuum, Yes, hmmm
okay, i'll get the vacuum cleaner.	It don't now. vacuum, Yes, yes, hmmm
don't vacuum it now.	Want me don't the to up you mud? clean, Yes, yes, hmmm
don't you want me to clean up the mud?	Dries. wait easier be will till to it vacuum. it, Yes, hmmm
wait till it dries. it will be easier to vacuum.	Will time careful. more next be i, Yes, hmmm
what are you getting for your mom?	You are talking what about?, Difficult question, this is
what are you talking about?	Day. sunday is mother's, Yes, hmmm
sunday is mother's day.	This sunday?, Difficult question, this is
this sunday?	It's course. over all the news. of, Yes, hmmm
of course. it's all over the news.	Sunday. it next was i thought, Yes, yes, hmmm
i thought it was next sunday.	Get well, you'd something. better her, Yes, hmmm
well, you'd better get her something.	Her get a nice card. i'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll get her a nice card.	It? is that, Difficult question, this is
is that it?	Give her. i all yes. ever that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. that's all i ever give her.	A ever and raised her is you, give she all card? you, Difficult question, this is
she raised you, and all you ever give her is a card?	Love her. knows it's okay. i that she, Yes, hmmm
i don't like our flag.	The it? matter what's with, Difficult question, this is
what's the matter with it?	Much too flags. it's other like, Difficult question, this is
it's too much like other flags.	Have lot of yes, stripes. a flags, Difficult question, this is
yes, a lot of flags have stripes.	Should be flag pretty. a, Yes, yes, hmmm
a flag should be pretty.	Flag our look what like? should, Yes, yes, hmmm
what should our flag look like?	It. it pretty on should have a woman, Yes, hmmm
it should have a pretty woman on it.	Ridiculous! that's, Difficult question, this is
that's ridiculous!	Pretty women? like you don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
you don't like pretty women?	Course but of on flag! not our do. i, Difficult question, this is
of course i do. but not on our flag!	Have a their woman on nation should flag. every pretty, Yes, yes, hmmm
every nation should have a pretty woman on their flag.	A to you a it! flag with go on carrying war woman can't, Yes, yes, hmmm
i had a busy morning.	What do? did you, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did you do?	The watered plants. all i, Difficult question, this is
i watered all the plants.	Have of plants. lot you a, Difficult question, this is
you have a lot of plants.	My then laundry. did i, Yes, hmmm
then i did my laundry.	That takes some time., Yes, yes, hmmm
that takes some time.	Walk. a i took dog for the, Yes, yes, hmmm
i took the dog for a walk.	His enjoyed i'll bet he walk., Yes, hmmm
i'll bet he enjoyed his walk.	Vacuumed the i entire house., Difficult question, this is
i vacuumed the entire house.	Lot of work. a that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a lot of work.	Then i lunch. and made, Yes, yes, hmmm
and then i made lunch.	You were i'll bet hungry!, Yes, hmmm
i don't have long distance service with my home phone.	Make so you calls? do distance long how, Difficult question, this is
so how do you make long distance calls?	A card. use calling i, Difficult question, this is
i use a calling card.	Where you do get that?, Yes, yes, hmmm
where do you get that?	Store. the dollar it buy i at, Yes, yes, hmmm
i buy it at the dollar store.	Is it? how much, Yes, hmmm
how much is it?	One 100 dollar it's for minutes., Yes, hmmm
it's one dollar for 100 minutes.	Penny that's a only a minute!, Yes, hmmm
that's only a penny a minute!	Lot of a price. numbers. have you a dial it's but to great, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's a great price. but you have to dial a lot of numbers.	Many? how, Yes, yes, hmmm
how many?	Ten dial more first ten numbers. then you numbers, seven then numbers,, Yes, hmmm
first you dial seven numbers, then ten numbers, then ten more numbers.	Yikes. think my i'll distance keep long i service., Yes, hmmm
do you go to college?	Yes, do. i, Difficult question, this is
yes, i do.	What go college you do to?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what college do you go to?	College. go to city pasadena i, Yes, hmmm
i go to pasadena city college.	It? do like you, Yes, hmmm
do you like it?	Yes, really like oh, i it., Yes, hmmm
oh, yes, i really like it.	It? like do why you, Yes, yes, hmmm
why do you like it?	Great has teachers. it because, Difficult question, this is
because it has great teachers.	Else? what, Yes, hmmm
what else?	Like my i all classmates, too., Yes, hmmm
i like all my classmates, too.	Anything else?, Yes, hmmm
anything else?	Yes. it's expensive! not, Difficult question, this is
i lost my new pen.	Lose it? where you did, Difficult question, this is
where did you lose it?	Don't know. i, Yes, hmmm
i don't know.	It? did lose when you, Difficult question, this is
when did you lose it?	Today. it lost used yesterday. i it think i i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think i lost it today. i used it yesterday.	You pockets? check all did your, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you check all your pockets?	Pockets. i my checked all, Difficult question, this is
i checked all my pockets.	Did desk? you in look your, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you look in your desk?	Yes. there, isn't it either., Difficult question, this is
yes. it isn't there, either.	It's around somewhere. probably, Yes, hmmm
it's probably around somewhere.	Oh, a me well, cost dollar. it only, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, well, it only cost me a dollar.	Even don't dollar? only for it. look a, Difficult question, this is
gravity is very important.	Gravity? is what, Yes, hmmm
what is gravity?	The force down. it's that pulls everything, Difficult question, this is
it's the force that pulls everything down.	Don't i understand., Difficult question, this is
i don't understand.	Water glass, glass. the the into pour if water into you goes a down, Yes, hmmm
if you pour water into a glass, the water goes down into the glass.	It does. course of, Difficult question, this is
of course it does.	Would gravity, the water go up. without, Yes, hmmm
without gravity, the water would go up.	Joking. you're, Yes, hmmm
you're joking.	You would go up. without gravity,, Yes, hmmm
without gravity, you would go up.	Do mean? you what, Difficult question, this is
what do you mean?	Would balloon. sky float the into a like you, Yes, hmmm
you would float into the sky like a balloon.	Be that fun! would, Yes, yes, hmmm
i can't read my book.	Light. on turn the, Yes, yes, hmmm
turn on the light.	The light is on., Yes, yes, hmmm
the light is on.	Open book. the, Difficult question, this is
open the book.	Open. the is book, Yes, hmmm
the book is open.	See an doctor. eye, Yes, hmmm
see an eye doctor.	That's i need what to do., Yes, yes, hmmm
that's what i need to do.	He'll for glasses. a you give prescription, Yes, hmmm
he'll give you a prescription for glasses.	I'll make tomorrow. appointment an, Yes, hmmm
i'll make an appointment tomorrow.	An eye pages the i'll yellow doctor. for get, Yes, hmmm
i'll get the yellow pages for an eye doctor.	To me. the phone number read, Yes, yes, hmmm
read the phone number to me.	Loud, getting i'll your read it is bad, too. very case in hearing, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do you need for school?	Need pencils. i, Difficult question, this is
i need pencils.	Else? anything, Yes, yes, hmmm
anything else?	Notebook. a need i, Difficult question, this is
i need a notebook.	You do pen? a need, Yes, hmmm
do you need a pen?	No. i already pen. a have, Difficult question, this is
no. i already have a pen.	You do a calculator? need, Yes, hmmm
do you need a calculator?	Calculators. teacher permit doesn't the no., Yes, yes, hmmm
no. the teacher doesn't permit calculators.	A about dictionary? how, Yes, yes, hmmm
how about a dictionary?	No, in big have the dictionary a we classroom., Yes, yes, hmmm
no, we have a big dictionary in the classroom.	Guess well, that's it. i, Difficult question, this is
well, i guess that's it.	Need yes, i that's for now. all, Yes, yes, hmmm
i like this magazine.	So do i., Yes, yes, hmmm
so do i.	Once, i i it read subscribed. and, Difficult question, this is
i read it once, and i subscribed.	You it news. gives all the, Difficult question, this is
it gives you all the news.	Pages. in all 50 news the only, Yes, hmmm
all the news in only 50 pages.	I cartoons. like the political, Yes, yes, hmmm
i like the political cartoons.	Beautiful of sale. the the like photos houses i for, Yes, hmmm
i like the beautiful photos of the houses for sale.	Read the film reviews. i always, Difficult question, this is
i always read the film reviews.	Section. drink never and the i food miss, Difficult question, this is
i never miss the food and drink section.	Parents. to i a my subscription gave, Yes, hmmm
i gave a subscription to my parents.	Me they news other magazines. too. their canceled, Yes, hmmm
me too. they canceled their other news magazines.	Mine! did so, Yes, yes, hmmm
my pen is out of ink.	A couple it of times. shake, Yes, yes, hmmm
shake it a couple of times.	I no shook is ink. there it. more, Difficult question, this is
i shook it. there is no more ink.	You mine. borrow can, Yes, yes, hmmm
you can borrow mine.	Buy you. one new i'll a thank tomorrow., Yes, hmmm
thank you. i'll buy a new one tomorrow.	What were you doing?, Yes, hmmm
what were you doing?	I was writing a letter., Yes, hmmm
i was writing a letter.	Were who you to? writing, Yes, yes, hmmm
who were you writing to?	To my it's mom., Yes, yes, hmmm
it's to my mom.	Said i her tell hello., Yes, hmmm
tell her i said hello.	I'll pen i'm your done. when return okay., Yes, hmmm
okay. i'll return your pen when i'm done.	Time. take your, Difficult question, this is
have you done your homework?	Yet. not, Difficult question, this is
not yet.	Then watching are you tv? why, Yes, yes, hmmm
then why are you watching tv?	Show. my this favorite is, Yes, hmmm
this is my favorite show.	Go do homework. your, Yes, hmmm
go do your homework.	Mom! but,, Difficult question, this is
but, mom!	You you can do watch homework. tv after your, Difficult question, this is
you can watch tv after you do your homework.	Will be over. but the show, Difficult question, this is
but the show will be over.	There next will be show week. another, Yes, yes, hmmm
there will be another show next week.	Please?, Difficult question, this is
please?	Rules. know the you, Yes, hmmm
you know the rules.	I up. till wait the i rules! hate can't i grow, Difficult question, this is
i can't wait until i graduate.	Too. me, Difficult question, this is
me too.	More no homework., Yes, hmmm
no more homework.	I homework. hate, Yes, yes, hmmm
i hate homework.	Going college? you are to, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you going to college?	Afford it. i can't, Difficult question, this is
i can't afford it.	Me neither., Difficult question, this is
me neither.	You going what do? so are to, Yes, hmmm
so what are you going to do?	The i'm joining army., Difficult question, this is
i'm joining the army.	Might you you're get kidding. killed., Yes, hmmm
you're kidding. you might get killed.	Don't to think money after college. finish, i'll go enough i to have i so., Yes, hmmm
i don't think so. after i finish, i'll have enough money to go to college.	Bad that's idea. not a, Yes, yes, hmmm
what is your major?	English., Yes, hmmm
english.	Going to do major? with english you are an what, Yes, hmmm
what are you going to do with an english major?	I'm teacher. a to going be, Difficult question, this is
i'm going to be a teacher.	School high middle school? or, Difficult question, this is
high school or middle school?	School. high, Difficult question, this is
high school.	I school english. high teach, Yes, hmmm
i teach high school english.	I didn't that. know, Difficult question, this is
i didn't know that.	Teaching i years ago. started five, Difficult question, this is
i started teaching five years ago.	You it? like how do, Yes, hmmm
how do you like it?	Totally it gray black see do this was five years all you hair? ago., Yes, hmmm
do you see all this gray hair? it was totally black five years ago.	Maybe teach i'll school. middle, Yes, yes, hmmm
parking at school is impossible.	Say. i'll, Yes, hmmm
i'll say.	I hour. an around half for drove, Difficult question, this is
i drove around for half an hour.	Find spot? you did a, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you find a spot?	Spot, me. found but someone took and from i a in it cut, Yes, yes, hmmm
i found a spot, but someone cut in and took it from me.	Yell at did them? you, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you yell at them?	Yes, did. i, Difficult question, this is
yes, i did.	And?, Yes, hmmm
and?	And he at yelled back me., Yes, yes, hmmm
and he yelled back at me.	Rude. how, Difficult question, this is
how rude.	Later. lucky minutes but few a got i, Difficult question, this is
but i got lucky a few minutes later.	Lucky a to have you find be to space. parking, Yes, hmmm
this is a huge library.	Has and of yes, rooms of lots lots space. it, Difficult question, this is
yes, it has lots of rooms and lots of space.	And of books. lots, Yes, yes, hmmm
and lots of books.	Lots of thieves. and, Yes, hmmm
and lots of thieves.	Do you mean? what, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	You. close to belongings keep your mean, i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i mean, keep your belongings close to you.	Used books. thing backpack is in my only the, Difficult question, this is
the only thing in my backpack is used books.	But don't thieves know that., Yes, hmmm
but thieves don't know that.	Ipod might in or i've there. that an laptop got they think, Difficult question, this is
they might think that i've got an ipod or laptop in there.	You're now thinking., Difficult question, this is
now you're thinking.	Safe think from would you'd be a thieves. library, Yes, hmmm
you'd think a library would be safe from thieves.	Not even church from is a thieves. safe, Yes, yes, hmmm
how good is your math?	Two. two can i and add, Difficult question, this is
i can add two and two.	Good not at math? very you're so, Difficult question, this is
so you're not very good at math?	Math. terrible i'm at, Yes, hmmm
i'm terrible at math.	Help. need some i well,, Yes, hmmm
well, i need some help.	What? with, Yes, hmmm
with what?	Course math in taking school. a i'm, Difficult question, this is
i'm taking a math course in school.	Or for should you your your help. classmates ask well, teacher, Yes, hmmm
well, you should ask your teacher or your classmates for help.	That. do can't i, Difficult question, this is
i can't do that.	Why not?, Yes, hmmm
why not?	Think might i'm they stupid., Difficult question, this is
they might think i'm stupid.	Think glad to you. to not help that! be they'll going they're, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you believe in god?	Course. of, Yes, hmmm
of course.	Do god? pray you to, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you pray to god?	Occasionally., Difficult question, this is
occasionally.	When's that?, Difficult question, this is
when's that?	When i something. need, Difficult question, this is
when i need something.	Like what?, Yes, yes, hmmm
like what?	School. i big if well, have test at a, Yes, hmmm
well, if i have a big test at school.	Does your answer prayers? god, Difficult question, this is
does god answer your prayers?	Yes, passed my all tests. i've, Difficult question, this is
yes, i've passed all my tests.	Money? you do for ever pray, Yes, hmmm
do you ever pray for money?	I yet. high do won't graduate need from that i school. to until not, Yes, hmmm
the cops finally found the husband.	What husband?, Yes, hmmm
what husband?	Students ran driver 3 at two the the over of husband college a.m. who, Yes, hmmm
the husband of the driver who ran over two college students at 3 a.m.	In died is the instantly, hospital. boy the girl and the yeah. oh, still, Difficult question, this is
oh, yeah. the girl died instantly, and the boy is still in the hospital.	Boy. help to he the husband tried said the, Difficult question, this is
the husband said he tried to help the boy.	The pushed the car. hood off he of yes, him, Yes, hmmm
yes, he pushed him off the hood of the car.	Street. placed he he boy on gently no, the the said, Difficult question, this is
no, he said he gently placed the boy on the street.	Drove off. what? still so they, Yes, hmmm
so what? they still drove off.	Nearby. husband the said a was fire department, Yes, yes, hmmm
the husband said a fire department was nearby.	Did so he dial what? 911?, Difficult question, this is
so what? did he dial 911?	To he get said he thinking it, didn't but he about around it. was, Yes, yes, hmmm
he said he was thinking about it, but he didn't get around to it.	Either. he himself get turning around didn't to in,, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't like riding the bus.	Not? why, Yes, yes, hmmm
why not?	The windows and are dirty. seats, Difficult question, this is
the seats and windows are dirty.	They every the clean night? don't bus, Yes, hmmm
don't they clean the bus every night?	I do. think they, Difficult question, this is
i think they do.	You. you bring with wipes some should, Yes, hmmm
you should bring some wipes with you.	A good that's idea., Yes, hmmm
that's a good idea.	Seat and wipe window. can then you your, Yes, yes, hmmm
then you can wipe your seat and window.	Think i'm will strange. people, Difficult question, this is
people will think i'm strange.	Everyone cares? is strange. who, Yes, hmmm
who cares? everyone is strange.	That's sure. for, Yes, hmmm
that's for sure.	People about worry don't what think., Yes, hmmm
i don't like riding the bus.	Why not?, Yes, hmmm
why not?	It's too one, slow. number, Yes, hmmm
number one, it's too slow.	You're right. a car faster. is, Yes, hmmm
you're right. a car is faster.	Two, it's late. usually number, Yes, hmmm
number two, it's usually late.	On are right. never you're the time. buses, Yes, yes, hmmm
you're right. the buses are never on time.	Hours. run doesn't 24 it number three,, Difficult question, this is
number three, it doesn't run 24 hours.	Night. late you're at run don't right. buses, Yes, yes, hmmm
you're right. buses don't run late at night.	Number it's too crowded. four,, Yes, yes, hmmm
number four, it's too crowded.	You're have to stand right. aisle. the you in, Yes, yes, hmmm
you're right. you have to stand in the aisle.	Unsafe. five, it's number, Difficult question, this is
number five, it's unsafe.	You. rob might right. you're bad guys, Difficult question, this is
we had a problem at school.	The problem? was what, Yes, yes, hmmm
what was the problem?	Someone cut the tires., Yes, yes, hmmm
someone cut the tires.	Tires? what, Difficult question, this is
what tires?	Cars. the the on tires, Difficult question, this is
the tires on the cars.	Were where the cars?, Difficult question, this is
where were the cars?	Student were they lot. in parking the, Yes, hmmm
they were in the student parking lot.	Tires cut? how many were, Yes, hmmm
how many tires were cut?	Two tires cut each one or were car. on, Yes, yes, hmmm
one or two tires were cut on each car.	How cars? many, Difficult question, this is
how many cars?	Eleven cars., Difficult question, this is
eleven cars.	Hope person. the that's catch i terrible. they, Yes, yes, hmmm
life isn't fair.	Sure isn't. it, Yes, hmmm
it sure isn't.	Got a i yesterday. ticket, Yes, hmmm
i got a ticket yesterday.	What for?, Difficult question, this is
what for?	The i crossing street. was, Yes, yes, hmmm
i was crossing the street.	You a in crosswalk? were, Yes, yes, hmmm
were you in a crosswalk?	Hand the was red but blinking. yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, but the red hand was blinking.	That's a so? ticket?, Yes, hmmm
so? that's a ticket?	A ticket. it's $140 yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it's a $140 ticket.	Right! that's not, Difficult question, this is
that's not right!	White sign started to blinking. was the cross when the walk i street,, Yes, hmmm
when i started to cross the street, the white walk sign was blinking.	Walk you faster. need to, Yes, hmmm
you're driving too fast.	Do say you that? why, Yes, yes, hmmm
why do you say that?	65. the speed is limit, Difficult question, this is
the speed limit is 65.	I know that., Difficult question, this is
i know that.	But 75. you're doing, Yes, yes, hmmm
but you're doing 75.	Else. so is everyone, Difficult question, this is
so is everyone else.	A cop you. but might stop, Yes, hmmm
but a cop might stop you.	Won't. are 85. doing cars he some no,, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, he won't. some cars are doing 85.	Cop the will those so cars? stop, Yes, hmmm
so the cop will stop those cars?	He of cars. fastest stops the course., Difficult question, this is
of course. he stops the fastest cars.	For 75. got doing friend my ticket a, Yes, hmmm
my friend got a ticket for doing 75.	Was friend unlucky. your, Yes, yes, hmmm
remember to put air in your tires.	Do to often how have i do that?, Yes, hmmm
how often do i have to do that?	Two months. every once, Yes, hmmm
once every two months.	A that's lot., Yes, hmmm
that's a lot.	What mean? you do, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	A year! that's times six, Yes, hmmm
that's six times a year!	It yes, and time. each about five minutes takes, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, and it takes about five minutes each time.	Try. i'll, Difficult question, this is
i'll try.	Check you'll get your or flat. a tires, Yes, hmmm
check your tires or you'll get a flat.	That's good. oh. not, Yes, hmmm
oh. that's not good.	Money. it costs and you flat no, isn't. a time, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, it isn't. a flat costs you time and money.	Either. i don't and have, Yes, hmmm
you're driving too fast.	I'm in a hurry., Yes, hmmm
i'm in a hurry.	Be ever hurry. a in don't, Difficult question, this is
don't ever be in a hurry.	Didn't my fault. you up. not wake it's me, Yes, hmmm
it's not my fault. you didn't wake me up.	My didn't you to fault. up. not me wake you that's tell, Difficult question, this is
that's not my fault. you didn't tell me to wake you up.	Meant i to. well,, Difficult question, this is
well, i meant to.	Driving. when a you're hurry in ever don't be, Difficult question, this is
don't ever be in a hurry when you're driving.	Not? why, Yes, hmmm
why not?	A are people in because hurry. an have because accident. most you'll accidents are, Yes, hmmm
because you'll have an accident. most accidents are because people are in a hurry.	Know how do that? you, Difficult question, this is
how do you know that?	Read lot. a i, Difficult question, this is
i read a lot.	Thought i most caused drunks accidents., Difficult question, this is
let's go for a ride.	We are going? where, Yes, yes, hmmm
where are we going?	Mountains. the into, Yes, yes, hmmm
into the mountains.	Sounds nice. that, Yes, yes, hmmm
that sounds nice.	My to show car. want i new you, Yes, hmmm
i want to show you my new car.	New car? bought a you, Yes, hmmm
you bought a new car?	A i yes. cadillac. bought, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. i bought a cadillac.	Car. luxury a, Yes, yes, hmmm
a luxury car.	Plus speed. luxury, Difficult question, this is
luxury plus speed.	Waiting we for? are what, Yes, hmmm
what are we waiting for?	Keys. get me let the, Yes, yes, hmmm
let me get the keys.	Me let get camera. my, Yes, hmmm
i have to go to the bathroom.	Before go you didn't left? why we, Yes, yes, hmmm
why didn't you go before we left?	Again. i did, to i but have go, Yes, hmmm
i did, but i have to go again.	Well, hold little longer. a on, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, hold on a little longer.	Think to i'm going i explode., Difficult question, this is
i think i'm going to explode.	Hold just on., Yes, hmmm
just hold on.	Bumps! oh! hit any don't more, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh! don't hit any more bumps!	We'll in a at few minutes. mcdonald's just be, Difficult question, this is
we'll be at mcdonald's in just a few minutes.	I fast they minutes. hope are, Yes, hmmm
i hope they are fast minutes.	Think hamburger. about think else. something a about, Yes, yes, hmmm
think about something else. think about a hamburger.	Have go. still to but i i'm thinking,, Yes, hmmm
i'm thinking, but i still have to go.	The exit. next hold on! it's, Difficult question, this is
where's the car?	Do you mean? what, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	Isn't here. the car, Yes, yes, hmmm
the car isn't here.	Where you it? park did, Yes, yes, hmmm
where did you park it?	I here. it parked right, Yes, hmmm
i parked it right here.	Sure? are you, Difficult question, this is
are you sure?	Remember yes. tree. big this i, Difficult question, this is
yes. i remember this big tree.	Wrong the it's maybe tree., Difficult question, this is
maybe it's the wrong tree.	The this is tree. no,, Difficult question, this is
no, this is the tree.	Steal did someone it?, Yes, yes, hmmm
did someone steal it?	Not. hope sure i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i sure hope not.	It away. towed they maybe, Difficult question, this is
look at this traffic.	Rather not. i'd, Difficult question, this is
i'd rather not.	Gets every it worse year., Yes, yes, hmmm
it gets worse every year.	An are we're hour. going miles you why complaining? 20 almost, Yes, hmmm
why are you complaining? we're going almost 20 miles an hour.	Limit is 65! speed the, Difficult question, this is
the speed limit is 65!	Between well, and 2:00 that's 4:00 a.m., Difficult question, this is
well, that's between 2:00 and 4:00 a.m.	These going? people are all where, Yes, yes, hmmm
where are all these people going?	The question. they're all same asking, Yes, hmmm
they're all asking the same question.	Are they fix this going to when problem?, Difficult question, this is
when are they going to fix this problem?	They money. more need they said, Yes, hmmm
they said they need more money.	More need money. always they, Yes, hmmm
they always need more money.	Get gets it worse before it'll better., Yes, yes, hmmm
did you see that car?	Yes, light. red the went he through, Yes, hmmm
yes, he went through the red light.	The we can call police?, Difficult question, this is
can we call the police?	Don't police the care. no,, Yes, hmmm
no, the police don't care.	Not? why, Difficult question, this is
why not?	They see it to have happen., Difficult question, this is
they have to see it happen.	They us? don't believe, Yes, hmmm
they don't believe us?	Can they they a only see give ticket it no. if happen., Difficult question, this is
no. they can only give a ticket if they see it happen.	Do so, we what do?, Yes, yes, hmmm
so, what do we do?	Anything. don't we do, Yes, hmmm
we don't do anything.	The time. honk should we next maybe horn, Yes, hmmm
maybe we should honk the horn next time.	Us. driver at honk will the just back, Yes, yes, hmmm
my car is dirty.	Don't it? wash why you, Difficult question, this is
why don't you wash it?	Going that's do. what to i'm, Yes, hmmm
that's what i'm going to do.	You it going to yourself? are wash, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you going to wash it yourself?	Job. hard a it's not of course., Yes, yes, hmmm
of course. it's not a hard job.	Help you. i'll, Yes, hmmm
i'll help you.	Bucket. i'll get okay, a, Yes, hmmm
okay, i'll get a bucket.	First. car rinse the i'll, Yes, hmmm
i'll rinse the car first.	Then soap. can we it a sponge with wet and scrub, Difficult question, this is
then we can scrub it with a wet sponge and soap.	It we a towel. with after can that, dry, Yes, yes, hmmm
after that, we can dry it with a towel.	Look new it like then will, Yes, hmmm
then it will look like new	$10. save you and, Yes, yes, hmmm
it sure is windy today.	Is everywhere. paper flying, Difficult question, this is
paper is flying everywhere.	For dangerous is this drivers. wind, Yes, yes, hmmm
this wind is dangerous for drivers.	Trucks. drivers especially big of for, Yes, yes, hmmm
especially for drivers of big trucks.	Over. the blows wind those trucks, Yes, yes, hmmm
the wind blows those trucks over.	Too. it blows trees over,, Yes, yes, hmmm
it blows trees over, too.	Fell car. my tree a onto dad's, Yes, yes, hmmm
a tree fell onto my dad's car.	There damage? was much, Yes, yes, hmmm
was there much damage?	Dad buy had car. new my to a, Yes, hmmm
my dad had to buy a new car.	Terrible. wow! that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
wow! that's terrible.	Under a your tree. car park never, Yes, yes, hmmm
never park your car under a tree.	Wind will get birds will the you. you, the get or, Yes, hmmm
when are we going to stop?	Stop next we'll the at mcdonald's., Yes, hmmm
we'll stop at the next mcdonald's.	That? far away is how, Difficult question, this is
how far away is that?	There half hour. an be in i think we'll, Yes, hmmm
i think we'll be there in half an hour.	To to i so. bathroom. the go have hope i, Yes, hmmm
i hope so. i have to go to the bathroom.	Can i always well, pull over., Yes, hmmm
well, i can always pull over.	Wait. i'll no, you, thank just, Yes, hmmm
no, thank you, i'll just wait.	Two kill one can we stone. with birds, Difficult question, this is
we can kill two birds with one stone.	What you mean? do, Difficult question, this is
what do you mean?	The some order while i'll you're using food. bathroom,, Difficult question, this is
while you're using the bathroom, i'll order some food.	Me. order i'm not don't hungry. for, Yes, hmmm
don't order for me. i'm not hungry.	You, i'll then eat hungry. i'm i'll very for order and yours., Difficult question, this is
this is such a long light.	Cars waiting line. in are many how look, Yes, hmmm
look how many cars are waiting in line.	Arrow. need they a left-turn, Yes, hmmm
they need a left-turn arrow.	Two every only three four minutes. left cars can a make turn or, Difficult question, this is
only two cars can make a left turn every three or four minutes.	Forever. here be we'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
we'll be here forever.	Lane. of out this get, Yes, hmmm
get out of this lane.	We need left. to but turn, Yes, hmmm
but we need to turn left.	Forget go it. straight., Yes, yes, hmmm
forget it. go straight.	What? then, Difficult question, this is
then what?	A we'll then make just u-turn., Yes, hmmm
then we'll just make a u-turn.	Right and at can the we then turn light., Yes, yes, hmmm
and then we can turn right at the light.	Much be so it idea. will good quicker., Yes, hmmm
i need a cheap car.	You much have? how do money, Yes, hmmm
how much money do you have?	$1,000., Yes, yes, hmmm
$1,000.	Well, you should get something. that, Difficult question, this is
well, that should get you something.	Something reliable. but need that's i, Difficult question, this is
but i need something that's reliable.	You low mileage. with a car need, Difficult question, this is
you need a car with low mileage.	Was old car a a that lady. owned little by, Yes, yes, hmmm
a car that was owned by a little old lady.	Have where you looked?, Yes, yes, hmmm
where have you looked?	Anywhere looked yet. haven't i, Yes, hmmm
i haven't looked anywhere yet.	Not? why, Yes, hmmm
why not?	Low price. i'll a never because one for such find, Difficult question, this is
because i'll never find one for such a low price.	Saving your money. right that. about keep you're, Yes, yes, hmmm
good afternoon, officer.	And your driver's registration, please. license, Difficult question, this is
your driver's license and registration, please.	Here you go., Yes, hmmm
here you go.	You do know why i you over? pulled, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you know why i pulled you over?	Have no your heard sudden all i siren. of idea. i a, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have no idea. all of a sudden i heard your siren.	Stop rolled that back through there. you sign, Yes, hmmm
you rolled through that stop sign back there.	Stopped! i but, Yes, hmmm
but i stopped!	Full you a come didn't didn't. down, slowed you you no, to stop. but, Yes, hmmm
no, you didn't. you slowed down, but you didn't come to a full stop.	Nobody does, why i? else so should well,, Yes, hmmm
well, nobody else does, so why should i?	Not of driver. the good attitude a that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's not the attitude of a good driver.	Driver. life. i never my in ticket a i've a but had good am, Yes, yes, hmmm
but i am a good driver. i've never had a ticket in my life.	Now. have a you've one got here. nice well, day., Yes, hmmm
$140. i can't believe it.	Are what you about? talking, Yes, yes, hmmm
what are you talking about?	Got $140. ticket for i downtown a, Difficult question, this is
i got a ticket downtown for $140.	You speeding? were, Difficult question, this is
were you speeding?	Crossing i street. was the no,, Difficult question, this is
no, i was crossing the street.	Jaywalking? were you, Difficult question, this is
were you jaywalking?	In crosswalk. the no, was i, Difficult question, this is
no, i was in the crosswalk.	You ticket? why get a did so, Yes, yes, hmmm
so why did you get a ticket?	Said was hand blinking. officer red the the, Yes, hmmm
the officer said the red hand was blinking.	Blinking it you when the was crosswalk? entered, Yes, hmmm
was it blinking when you entered the crosswalk?	White no, the blinking. walk was sign, Yes, hmmm
no, the white walk sign was blinking.	Ticket. fight you should be your that i'll witness., Yes, hmmm
they were in a crosswalk near school at 3 a.m.	Who?, Yes, yes, hmmm
who?	From students two usc., Yes, yes, hmmm
two students from usc.	Happened? what, Yes, hmmm
what happened?	Speeding the a car ran girl. red light, killing a, Difficult question, this is
a speeding car ran a red light, killing the girl.	What the happened other student? to, Yes, yes, hmmm
what happened to the other student?	Hood he of the landed the on car., Yes, hmmm
he landed on the hood of the car.	Off hood? he get the did, Yes, yes, hmmm
did he get off the hood?	The off hood. the stopped and the injured student passenger no, car pushed the, Difficult question, this is
no, the car stopped and the passenger pushed the injured student off the hood.	Car bet way. i'll continued the on its, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll bet the car continued on its way.	Of run stop after it people? over did. course you've two why, Yes, yes, hmmm
of course it did. why stop after you've run over two people?	Jail i life. in find and them put they hope them for, Yes, yes, hmmm
what happened to your car?	I lot. a dent parking got in the, Yes, hmmm
i got a dent in the parking lot.	It? how get you did, Difficult question, this is
how did you get it?	Maybe i know. shopping don't a was it cart. from, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't know. maybe it was from a shopping cart.	Shopping carts those are dangerous., Difficult question, this is
those shopping carts are dangerous.	Metal especially the ones., Yes, hmmm
especially the metal ones.	Carts. at that park uses store don't shopping i metal a, Yes, hmmm
i don't park at a store that uses metal shopping carts.	Store. this that's a good at there sale good but idea, a was, Difficult question, this is
that's a good idea, but there was a good sale at this store.	You any money sale? the save on did, Difficult question, this is
did you save any money on the sale?	About saved yes, i did. $50. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, i did. i saved about $50.	That's great., Difficult question, this is
that's great.	Except cost about yes, $150. dent will this, Yes, hmmm
did you see "titanic"?	A it movie. is yes. great, Difficult question, this is
yes. it is a great movie.	It times. saw twelve i, Yes, hmmm
i saw it twelve times.	Saw i eight it times., Yes, yes, hmmm
i saw it eight times.	The dvd. i have, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have the dvd.	I. do so, Difficult question, this is
so do i.	Let's your to home. go, Difficult question, this is
let's go to your home.	Watch dvd. can we my, Difficult question, this is
we can watch my dvd.	Can we then go home. and my to, Yes, yes, hmmm
and then we can go to my home.	Dvd. your watch and, Yes, hmmm
and watch your dvd.	Cry always i the at end., Yes, yes, hmmm
i always cry at the end.	Me so sad. it's too., Yes, yes, hmmm
let's play cards.	Games. know any card don't i, Difficult question, this is
i don't know any card games.	Teach you one. i'll, Difficult question, this is
i'll teach you one.	Me? you okay. what teach will, Yes, hmmm
okay. what will you teach me?	Called poker. it's, Difficult question, this is
it's called poker.	Is it to learn? easy, Yes, hmmm
is it easy to learn?	Yes, it will about only minutes. take 30, Yes, hmmm
yes, it will only take about 30 minutes.	How play. teach okay. to me, Difficult question, this is
okay. teach me how to play.	Each we get cards. five, Yes, yes, hmmm
we each get five cards.	Have tens. four i look. oh,, Difficult question, this is
oh, look. i have four tens.	Tell that's great, but you're me. supposed to not, Yes, hmmm
that's great, but you're not supposed to tell me.	Tens. don't i sorry. okay, have oh. four, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm a good card player.	That? why is, Yes, hmmm
why is that?	Other because players. the i watch, Yes, hmmm
because i watch the other players.	You do what mean?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	Will tell a they hand. people good if you have, Yes, hmmm
people will tell you if they have a good hand.	How do do that? they, Difficult question, this is
how do they do that?	For mine licks friend a his example, of lips., Yes, yes, hmmm
for example, a friend of mine licks his lips.	He know lips, a has he his hand? licks when good you, Difficult question, this is
when he licks his lips, you know he has a good hand?	A i good has so hand, know i bet. don't he, Yes, yes, hmmm
i know he has a good hand, so i don't bet.	Never he your wins money?, Difficult question, this is
he never wins your money?	Drives it and him nope, crazy., Difficult question, this is
nope, and it drives him crazy.	Knows he maybe read you mind. he thinks can't cheating. you're his, Yes, hmmm
turn the radio down, please.	But to listening it. i'm, Difficult question, this is
but i'm listening to it.	Well, to it listen more quietly., Difficult question, this is
well, listen to it more quietly.	Wait grow till i up. i can't, Difficult question, this is
i can't wait till i grow up.	Do? what you will, Yes, hmmm
what will you do?	Loud will play radio as i as i want. the, Yes, hmmm
i will play the radio as loud as i want.	Okay me. that's with, Difficult question, this is
that's okay with me.	Radio will my every a room i have house. of in, Yes, hmmm
i will have a radio in every room of my house.	Me to you. never remind visit, Yes, yes, hmmm
remind me to never visit you.	Loud. on the be radios extra will all, Yes, yes, hmmm
all the radios will be on extra loud.	Will you. your neighbors hate, Yes, hmmm
your neighbors will hate you.	Don't like they if move. can it, they, Difficult question, this is
i hope i win the lotto.	Are small. your chances very, Yes, yes, hmmm
your chances are very small.	Don't you you but win if can't play., Difficult question, this is
but you can't win if you don't play.	Ha! you play. you win do if can't, Yes, yes, hmmm
ha! you can't win if you do play.	To has someone win., Yes, hmmm
someone has to win.	What says. that's everyone, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's what everyone says.	Me. as might well be it, Yes, yes, hmmm
it might as well be me.	That's says. everyone what, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's what everyone says.	Me trying something. you're to tell, Difficult question, this is
you're trying to tell me something.	Didn't that long. take, Yes, hmmm
that didn't take long.	Playing. should think you i quit, Yes, yes, hmmm
you think i should quit playing.	School. your for money save, Yes, hmmm
what's on tv?	Much. nothing, Yes, yes, hmmm
nothing much.	Game? about what baseball the, Yes, yes, hmmm
what about the baseball game?	Out. got rained it, Yes, yes, hmmm
it got rained out.	Out? rained, Yes, hmmm
rained out?	Yes, out. rained, Difficult question, this is
yes, rained out.	How that could be?, Yes, hmmm
how could that be?	You well, rainstorm. a can't in play baseball, Difficult question, this is
well, you can't play baseball in a rainstorm.	They playing a i thought were dome. under, Difficult question, this is
i thought they were playing under a dome.	Close. the doesn't dome, Yes, hmmm
the dome doesn't close.	Close? it why doesn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
why doesn't it close?	Fix next knows? it who they'll before season. they said, Yes, yes, hmmm
can i try your coffee?	You go. here sure., Yes, yes, hmmm
sure. here you go.	Hmm, not that's bad., Yes, yes, hmmm
hmm, that's not bad.	In nothing there's it., Difficult question, this is
there's nothing in it.	Mean? do what you, Difficult question, this is
what do you mean?	Coffee. i mean, just it's, Yes, yes, hmmm
i mean, it's just coffee.	Figured that. i, Yes, hmmm
i figured that.	You? bitter for too it's not, Difficult question, this is
it's not too bitter for you?	It's a little okay. but bitter, it's, Difficult question, this is
it's a little bitter, but it's okay.	In cream there's sugar it. or no, Yes, yes, hmmm
there's no sugar or cream in it.	Taste have you get used it's to a no, to., Yes, hmmm
no, it's a taste you have to get used to.	Of sort beer. like, Difficult question, this is
let's take a walk.	What's weather the like?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's the weather like?	Let and me outside see. step, Yes, yes, hmmm
let me step outside and see.	Right? it's little chilly, a, Yes, hmmm
it's a little chilly, right?	Yes, it is., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it is.	Cap. i'll on my put, Yes, hmmm
i'll put on my cap.	Jacket, too. a wear, Difficult question, this is
wear a jacket, too.	Gloves. should if i my wonder bring i, Difficult question, this is
i wonder if i should bring my gloves.	Gets it case in colder. you should, maybe just, Yes, hmmm
maybe you should, just in case it gets colder.	Put a in i'll pocket. each glove, Difficult question, this is
i'll put a glove in each pocket.	As get we walk. warmer we'll, Yes, hmmm
we'll get warmer as we walk.	But down. gets yes, colder the sun goes it as, Difficult question, this is
look at the car chase on tv!	Is driver that crazy., Yes, yes, hmmm
that driver is crazy.	Hasn't i believe crashed. can't he, Yes, hmmm
i can't believe he hasn't crashed.	Going? he fast how is, Yes, yes, hmmm
how fast is he going?	80 they miles per he's say hour. going, Yes, yes, hmmm
they say he's going 80 miles per hour.	Kill going he's someone. to, Yes, yes, hmmm
he's going to kill someone.	Car. just hit that look! he, Yes, hmmm
look! he just hit that car.	No one the on is safe my goodness. streets. oh,, Difficult question, this is
oh, my goodness. no one is safe on the streets.	He's now slowing down., Yes, hmmm
now he's slowing down.	Gas. ran he of maybe out, Difficult question, this is
maybe he ran out of gas.	Car and look! got started out of he the just running., Yes, hmmm
look! he just got out of the car and started running.	The catch police hope i him., Yes, hmmm
tv news is so stupid.	Even they call it news. shouldn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
they shouldn't even call it news.	About sofa. cat a us they last in a night told, Yes, hmmm
last night they told us about a cat in a sofa.	In dog us a pipe. yesterday told a they about, Difficult question, this is
yesterday they told us about a dog in a pipe.	Back last a yard. bear about week a in they told us, Yes, hmmm
last week they told us about a bear in a back yard.	Last told a restaurant. a month mouse about in us they, Yes, yes, hmmm
last month they told us about a mouse in a restaurant.	In town. every tells us the temperature weatherman the, Difficult question, this is
the weatherman tells us the temperature in every town.	Guy the us shows fighting. sports players, Yes, hmmm
the sports guy shows us players fighting.	Always "what's tell they next." us, Yes, hmmm
they always tell us "what's next."	Is. sound it "what's exciting, always never they make next" but, Yes, hmmm
they always make "what's next" sound exciting, but it never is.	News for it's more kids. like, Yes, hmmm
it's more like news for kids.	Have kid they should reporters., Yes, yes, hmmm
i love my computer.	So cool. computers are, Difficult question, this is
computers are so cool.	I go to online. love, Difficult question, this is
i love to go online.	Amazing. is the internet, Yes, yes, hmmm
the internet is amazing.	Can you travel the over all world., Yes, hmmm
you can travel all over the world.	China i yesterday. went i to know., Difficult question, this is
i know. i went to china yesterday.	You do? did what, Difficult question, this is
what did you do?	All the and looked great on around. wall stood i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i stood on the great wall and looked all around.	Was what it like?, Yes, hmmm
what was it like?	Like was it thing. real the, Yes, hmmm
it was like the real thing.	Like was there? it being, Yes, hmmm
it was like being there?	I i there. yes, actually like was felt, Difficult question, this is
the beatles are the best.	They ever. group are musical best the, Yes, hmmm
they are the best musical group ever.	Songs. love all their i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i love all their songs.	I i one know which don't like the best., Yes, hmmm
i don't know which one i like the best.	Along i ones can i with. like the sing, Difficult question, this is
i like the ones i can sing along with.	So i, do "she loves you." like, Yes, yes, hmmm
so do i, like "she loves you."	"she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah!...", Difficult question, this is
"she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah!..."	Be and " glad!" should know you you, Difficult question, this is
"and you know you should be glad!"	Great song. a what, Yes, yes, hmmm
what a great song.	Be?" it how about "let, Yes, hmmm
how about "let it be?"	Oh, " it "let yes! be, be let it, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, yes! "let it be, let it be"	Let answer, it " be!" will be an there, Difficult question, this is
let's go to a movie.	Rather i'd not., Yes, hmmm
i'd rather not.	Not? why, Yes, hmmm
why not?	Like know crowds. don't i you, Yes, yes, hmmm
you know i don't like crowds.	Let's early an go movie. to, Difficult question, this is
let's go to an early movie.	Be that very won't okay, crowded., Yes, hmmm
okay, that won't be very crowded.	To see? what you like would, Yes, yes, hmmm
what would you like to see?	To who out. oh, you're go i the don't one care. wants, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, i don't care. you're the one who wants to go out.	Want happyness." pursuit see to "the i well, of, Yes, hmmm
well, i want to see "the pursuit of happyness."	About it? have what you heard, Yes, hmmm
what have you heard about it?	On it's based divorced man young story son. true a about a his and, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's based on a true story about a divorced man and his young son.	Well, a has it hope ending. happy i, Yes, hmmm
what's your favorite thing to do?	To like people. watch i, Difficult question, this is
i like to watch people.	That's thing do? favorite to your, Yes, hmmm
that's your favorite thing to do?	One well, it's of them., Yes, hmmm
well, it's one of them.	Where watch people? you do go to, Yes, hmmm
where do you go to watch people?	Girlfriend starbucks. my i sit outside and, Yes, yes, hmmm
my girlfriend and i sit outside starbucks.	Good a that like sounds spot., Yes, yes, hmmm
that sounds like a good spot.	People with watch we by walk their dogs., Yes, hmmm
we watch people walk by with their dogs.	I lots you see different dogs. of guess, Yes, yes, hmmm
i guess you see lots of different dogs.	Most what are. them don't kind we even of know, Yes, yes, hmmm
we don't even know what kind most of them are.	All in but common. one of thing are kinds, lots there they have different, Yes, hmmm
there are lots of different kinds, but they all have one thing in common.	To when yes, each meet. they they sniff other love, Difficult question, this is
they call him father dollar bill.	He was the on today. yes, news tv, Yes, hmmm
yes, he was on the tv news today.	Easter gives he every sunday money. away, Yes, hmmm
every easter sunday he gives away money.	It his money? is, Yes, yes, hmmm
is it his money?	No. to give money give stars movie to homeless people. him, Yes, hmmm
no. movie stars give him money to give to homeless people.	Money how away? give much he does, Yes, hmmm
how much money does he give away?	He this away gave $15,000. year, Yes, yes, hmmm
this year he gave away $15,000.	Of a lot money. that's, Yes, hmmm
that's a lot of money.	He to $100 wheelchairs. gave in people, Yes, hmmm
he gave $100 to people in wheelchairs.	About people? homeless other the what, Yes, hmmm
what about the other homeless people?	They $1 got each., Yes, yes, hmmm
they got $1 each.	Line to people get stood dollar?! one in just, Yes, yes, hmmm
old movies are the best.	Even white. black in they're and though, Yes, yes, hmmm
even though they're in black and white.	More than story good a important is color., Yes, hmmm
a good story is more important than color.	Actors back didn't then. curse, Yes, yes, hmmm
actors didn't curse back then.	There was violence. no and, Yes, hmmm
and there was no violence.	Today that. like don't people, Difficult question, this is
people today don't like that.	People lots action. like today no, of, Yes, hmmm
no, today people like lots of action.	Good a like i story., Yes, yes, hmmm
i like a good story.	Actors who i see to like are like real people., Yes, hmmm
i like to see actors who are like real people.	Like people real real with problems., Yes, hmmm
like real people with real problems.	Make movies that. still they like, Yes, hmmm
they still make movies like that.	They money. never yes, make but much, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you get pbs on tv?	The yes, everybody broadcasting system. gets public, Difficult question, this is
yes, everybody gets the public broadcasting system.	Sleep. to it me puts, Yes, hmmm
it puts me to sleep.	About me it. tell, Yes, yes, hmmm
tell me about it.	A show. a knitting show follows gardening, Yes, yes, hmmm
a gardening show follows a knitting show.	Show a a cooking sewing show. follows, Difficult question, this is
a cooking show follows a sewing show.	Show another travel a follows show. travel, Yes, hmmm
a travel show follows another travel show.	Times already! i'll i've around say! world the a dozen gone, Yes, hmmm
i'll say! i've gone around the world a dozen times already!	Shows to adding movies. the tv old now they're old, Difficult question, this is
now they're adding old tv shows to the old movies.	A would something change. i see to for like sure interesting, Yes, yes, hmmm
i sure would like to see something interesting for a change.	Money, donate new could more if shows. pbs people offer, Difficult question, this is
if more people donate money, pbs could offer new shows.	Who tv free. public wants to be donate? should, Yes, yes, hmmm
i love to watch "judge judy."	Tv a is show? that, Difficult question, this is
is that a tv show?	Afternoon. yes. it's on every, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. it's on every afternoon.	So it? what's about good, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's so good about it?	Have they lawsuits. interesting, Yes, hmmm
they have interesting lawsuits.	Such as?, Difficult question, this is
such as?	Ebay. she on woman cell complained phone a about yesterday, a bought, Difficult question, this is
yesterday, a woman complained about a cell phone she bought on ebay.	With was the something phone? wrong, Yes, hmmm
was something wrong with the phone?	Works canada. it in only, Yes, hmmm
it works only in canada.	That? know the did seller, Difficult question, this is
did the seller know that?	Buyer. he yes, and the tell didn't, Difficult question, this is
yes, and he didn't tell the buyer.	Judge judy hope back. take seller i made the phone the, Yes, yes, hmmm
that woman is a very good singer.	Looks man. she a like yes, but, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, but she looks like a man.	Does make? what difference it, Difficult question, this is
what difference does it make?	Are to singers pretty. female supposed be, Difficult question, this is
female singers are supposed to be pretty.	Good. sound are to supposed singers, Difficult question, this is
singers are supposed to sound good.	Should look good, too. they, Yes, hmmm
they should look good, too.	Singers. there ugly lots of are men, Yes, hmmm
there are lots of ugly men singers.	Men look good. have singers to don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
men singers don't have to look good.	Do then neither women singers., Yes, yes, hmmm
then neither do women singers.	Buy her never would i cd. well,, Yes, hmmm
well, i would never buy her cd.	Her she but would cd buy you pretty? was if, Yes, yes, hmmm
but you would buy her cd if she was pretty?	All yes. of her buy would cds. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
all the tv stations are going to go digital.	Yes, that next will occur month., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, that will occur next month.	Them broadcasting most in already are of digital., Yes, hmmm
most of them are already broadcasting in digital.	Clear. the very signal is digital, Difficult question, this is
the digital signal is very clear.	It no, isn't! oh,, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, no, it isn't!	Mean? do what you, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	Get channel. single a i can't, Yes, hmmm
i can't get a single channel.	Do digital tv? you have a, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you have a digital tv?	But of have cable. don't course. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
of course. but i don't have cable.	Good have to you antenna. but need need you don't a cable, do, Difficult question, this is
you don't need to have cable, but you do need a good antenna.	Have but ears. i rabbit, Yes, yes, hmmm
but i have rabbit ears.	A ears enough. buy rabbit digital strong antenna. aren't, Difficult question, this is
i've got a date for you.	Really? oh,, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, really?	Interested? you are, Yes, hmmm
are you interested?	What like? maybe. is she, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe. what is she like?	She's a great got personality., Difficult question, this is
she's got a great personality.	Ugly. that that and she's uh-oh. means fat, Yes, yes, hmmm
uh-oh. that means that she's fat and ugly.	She's cute., Yes, hmmm
she's cute.	She's fat. ugly; not so she's just okay,, Yes, yes, hmmm
okay, so she's not ugly; she's just fat.	Weighs 98 pounds. she, Yes, hmmm
she weighs 98 pounds.	So okay, not with she's what's her? the problem fat., Difficult question, this is
okay, she's not fat. so what's the problem with her?	Who problem her? a with is said there, Yes, hmmm
who said there is a problem with her?	Has me! no too problemsshe's the good is she problem for, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think you're very pretty.	You. thank, Yes, hmmm
thank you.	You have would me? with dinner, Difficult question, this is
would you have dinner with me?	Like to. i would, Difficult question, this is
i would like to.	Up friday can night? i you pick, Difficult question, this is
can i pick you up friday night?	Time? what, Difficult question, this is
what time?	O'clock. eight, Yes, hmmm
eight o'clock.	That great. sounds, Yes, hmmm
that sounds great.	A we'll to go restaurant. french, Yes, yes, hmmm
we'll go to a french restaurant.	Restaurant. to a french never been i've, Yes, hmmm
i've never been to a french restaurant.	Think love the you'll food. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think you'll love the food.	Any eat not i'm going snails! to, Yes, yes, hmmm
you have pretty eyes.	Thank do you. so you., Yes, hmmm
thank you. so do you.	I eyes were my wish blue., Yes, yes, hmmm
i wish my eyes were blue.	With what's matter the green eyes?, Yes, hmmm
what's the matter with green eyes?	Nothing, is color favorite my except blue., Yes, yes, hmmm
nothing, except my favorite color is blue.	Eyes. you'll life in maybe next blue have your, Yes, hmmm
maybe in your next life you'll have blue eyes.	My fish what i'm but a next life? if in, Difficult question, this is
but what if i'm a fish in my next life?	Blue some eyes. think have fish i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think some fish have blue eyes.	Hope come back as i i a fish. don't, Difficult question, this is
i hope i don't come back as a fish.	As i come hope cat. a back i, Yes, hmmm
i hope i come back as a cat.	Eyes. beautiful cats have, Yes, yes, hmmm
cats have beautiful eyes.	I have to would cat-eyes. blue love, Yes, hmmm
i love you.	I too. love you,, Yes, hmmm
i love you, too.	The i you. saw first day loved i you, Yes, hmmm
i loved you the first day i saw you.	It sight? first at love was, Yes, yes, hmmm
it was love at first sight?	First was yes, love at sight. it, Yes, hmmm
yes, it was love at first sight.	At first. i you didn't love, Yes, hmmm
i didn't love you at first.	A you chase to had i i know. while. for, Yes, hmmm
i know. i had to chase you for a while.	Chased then yes, and you me me. caught you, Yes, hmmm
yes, you chased me and then you caught me.	Forever. you're mine now, Yes, hmmm
now you're mine forever.	Forever. you're mine and, Yes, hmmm
and you're mine forever.	We'll old together. grow, Yes, hmmm
we'll grow old together.	Be happy together. and, Difficult question, this is
i'm in love with that girl.	You have her? told, Yes, yes, hmmm
have you told her?	Of not. course, Difficult question, this is
of course not.	Not? why, Yes, hmmm
why not?	Laugh she me. at would, Difficult question, this is
she would laugh at me.	Know? you how do, Yes, yes, hmmm
how do you know?	Do. always they because, Yes, yes, hmmm
because they always do.	She's maybe different., Yes, hmmm
maybe she's different.	The same. all they're, Yes, hmmm
they're all the same.	Just her to out dinner. ask, Difficult question, this is
just ask her out to dinner.	What? and then, Yes, hmmm
and then what?	Then her. you know and like that she'll, Difficult question, this is
give me a hug.	In mood. the not i'm, Difficult question, this is
i'm not in the mood.	What's the matter?, Difficult question, this is
what's the matter?	That woman. i looking at saw you, Difficult question, this is
i saw you looking at that woman.	What woman?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what woman?	You woman with boobs. know, the big that, Difficult question, this is
you know, that woman with the big boobs.	Not looking i was her. at, Yes, hmmm
i was not looking at her.	You too. were,, Difficult question, this is
you were, too.	I'm not in interested her., Difficult question, this is
i'm not interested in her.	You looking at then why were her?, Difficult question, this is
then why were you looking at her?	Looking something was at i else., Yes, yes, hmmm
i was looking at something else.	Sofa. then tonight oh, the looking really? at spend, Yes, yes, hmmm
would you like to go on a blind date?	You joking. be must, Yes, yes, hmmm
you must be joking.	No, i'm serious., Yes, yes, hmmm
no, i'm serious.	Want blind a woman. date don't i to, Difficult question, this is
i don't want to date a blind woman.	Is she a doesn't that mean blind! blind date, Yes, hmmm
a blind date doesn't mean that she is blind!	What it mean? does, Yes, yes, hmmm
what does it mean?	Someone with know. a you a date date is don't blind, Yes, hmmm
a blind date is a date with someone you don't know.	Date i know? why i don't someone would even, Yes, hmmm
why would i date someone i don't even know?	To new exciting. something and try, Difficult question, this is
to try something new and exciting.	I her? what don't like if, Yes, hmmm
what if i don't like her?	Again. you her don't date then, Difficult question, this is
i have a date tomorrow night.	Really? with? who, Yes, yes, hmmm
really? who with?	Market. at the met a i girl, Yes, hmmm
a girl i met at the market.	The met you at a girl supermarket?, Difficult question, this is
you met a girl at the supermarket?	The slow checkout counter. standing me she in at line really a was behind, Yes, yes, hmmm
she was standing behind me in a really slow line at the checkout counter.	What to did you say her?, Yes, hmmm
what did you say to her?	Found i i cart, she in two where had had my them. pineapples asked and, Yes, hmmm
i had two pineapples in my cart, and she asked where i had found them.	You she your pineapples? asked about, Yes, hmmm
she asked you about your pineapples?	Last of her but i told on shelf, gotten her one the i the mine. i had two offered, Yes, hmmm
i told her i had gotten the last two on the shelf, but i offered her one of mine.	Was nice that you. of, Yes, yes, hmmm
that was nice of you.	How she she favor, so asked return could out. asked the her i me, Yes, hmmm
she asked me how she could return the favor, so i asked her out.	A thing. be slow good a sometimes line can, Yes, hmmm
did you have a date friday night?	Yes, in i did. fact,, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, in fact, i did.	Did go with? out you who, Yes, yes, hmmm
who did you go out with?	Coffee a shop. man in a met i, Yes, hmmm
a man i met in a coffee shop.	You where go? did, Difficult question, this is
where did you go?	Went we restaurant. nice a to, Difficult question, this is
we went to a nice restaurant.	Else? anywhere, Yes, hmmm
anywhere else?	We then a to club. went jazz, Yes, hmmm
then we went to a jazz club.	Date. a like sounds nice that, Yes, hmmm
that sounds like a nice date.	Was it pleasant. yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, it was pleasant.	Date you won't him but again?, Difficult question, this is
but you won't date him again?	No nice, he but chemistry. was there was no., Yes, hmmm
i had the worst date the other night.	Happened? what, Yes, hmmm
what happened?	Was all, late. he of hour an half first, Difficult question, this is
first of all, he was half an hour late.	That's good not a start., Difficult question, this is
that's not a good start.	Didn't bother apologize. to he then, Yes, yes, hmmm
then he didn't bother to apologize.	Rude. that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's rude.	Then the he restaurant. fast to drove too, Difficult question, this is
then he drove too fast to the restaurant.	That's dangerous., Yes, yes, hmmm
that's dangerous.	Getting thought i about a taxi taking out and home., Yes, hmmm
i thought about getting out and taking a taxi home.	Happened what restaurant? the at, Yes, hmmm
what happened at the restaurant?	Meal, tip! had a we he $40 $1 and a left, Difficult question, this is
we had a $40 meal, and he left a $1 tip!	To guess i that you can't back restaurant. go, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't like that man.	Why not?, Difficult question, this is
why not?	Old dirty a man. he's, Yes, yes, hmmm
he's a dirty old man.	Do what you mean?, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	Yet he my to out. enough he's be asked me father, old, Yes, hmmm
he's old enough to be my father, yet he asked me out.	Blame well, can't a for you asking. man, Difficult question, this is
well, you can't blame a man for asking.	Act should age. he his, Yes, yes, hmmm
he should act his age.	Of are a lot in old but people dating. interested still, Difficult question, this is
but a lot of old people are still interested in dating.	Nice find a hobby. should they, Yes, hmmm
they should find a nice hobby.	Years old. until you're just 50 wait, Difficult question, this is
just wait until you're 50 years old.	Will furthest thing mind. from dating my the be, Yes, hmmm
dating will be the furthest thing from my mind.	You're you wait that's now. 50. say what till, Yes, yes, hmmm
does your girlfriend ever make you angry?	Sometimes., Yes, yes, hmmm
sometimes.	What she do? does, Yes, yes, hmmm
what does she do?	Her money the yesterday, her i all i wouldn't the for told trade world. in just, Yes, hmmm
just yesterday, i told her i wouldn't trade her for all the money in the world.	To was thing nice say. a that, Yes, yes, hmmm
that was a nice thing to say.	I thought. what that's, Difficult question, this is
that's what i thought.	Say? did she what, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did she say?	She didn't believe laughed! me. she, Difficult question, this is
she laughed! she didn't believe me.	Her. nice that of very wasn't, Yes, hmmm
that wasn't very nice of her.	Money. nothing to me she important is more than that said, Difficult question, this is
she said that nothing is more important to me than money.	You what say? did, Difficult question, this is
what did you say?	I any the her woman wouldn't for other in her told world. i trade, Yes, hmmm
some people have good noses.	I had too nose. wish big. is i a way good mine, Difficult question, this is
i wish i had a good nose. mine is way too big.	Mean i don't i good-looking. mean good-smelling., Yes, hmmm
i don't mean good-looking. i mean good-smelling.	That can but be a oh. curse., Yes, yes, hmmm
oh. but that can be a curse.	To yes, too can odors. because sensitive be you, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, because you can be too sensitive to odors.	A my i'll a nose drug say. girlfriend dog. like has, Yes, hmmm
i'll say. my girlfriend has a nose like a drug dog.	Did catch you she using drugs?, Difficult question, this is
did she catch you using drugs?	Sneak she cigarette. i a sort whenever of. knows, Yes, yes, hmmm
sort of. she knows whenever i sneak a cigarette.	Need for a nose stink. thatcigarettes you don't good, Yes, hmmm
you don't need a good nose for thatcigarettes stink.	Just can smell morning, the i in one that when she but sneak it cigarette evening!, Yes, hmmm
but when i sneak just one cigarette in the morning, she can smell it that evening!	Is good nose. that boy, a, Yes, hmmm
boy, that is a good nose.	Apply customs. she a should told for job her at i, Yes, hmmm
let's go out to eat.	Like that fun. sounds, Yes, yes, hmmm
that sounds like fun.	Want you go? to do where, Yes, yes, hmmm
where do you want to go?	Think minute. me a let, Yes, yes, hmmm
let me think a minute.	Chinese. like feel i, Yes, hmmm
i feel like chinese.	Delicious. sounds that, Yes, yes, hmmm
that sounds delicious.	A know good i chinese restaurant., Yes, hmmm
i know a good chinese restaurant.	Far is how it? away, Difficult question, this is
how far away is it?	Only from here. it's 10 minutes, Difficult question, this is
it's only 10 minutes from here.	Do need we reservations?, Difficult question, this is
do we need reservations?	No. can walk we in. oh, right, Yes, hmmm
oh, no. we can walk right in.	Now. go let's i'm hungry!, Difficult question, this is
i can't believe how long this line is.	This a it? restaurant, isn't is popular, Yes, hmmm
this is a popular restaurant, isn't it?	Is a but it? it fast-food isn't restaurant, yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, but it isn't a fast-food restaurant, is it?	In hamburger the slowest town. it's, Yes, hmmm
it's the slowest hamburger in town.	That's while it you wait. because they cook, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's because they cook it while you wait.	Why hamburger the yes. also town. best that's in it's, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. that's why it's also the best hamburger in town.	A great service. and burger great, Difficult question, this is
a great burger and great service.	Yes, very workers are polite. the, Yes, hmmm
yes, the workers are very polite.	And clean. they're, Yes, hmmm
and they're clean.	Here coming for been i've years., Yes, yes, hmmm
i've been coming here for years.	Me too., Difficult question, this is
me too.	My excuse called they just me. number., Yes, hmmm
lunch was delicious.	You. thank, Difficult question, this is
thank you.	What kind that? soup of was, Difficult question, this is
what kind of soup was that?	Tomato soup. was it, Difficult question, this is
it was tomato soup.	Tasted good. that so, Yes, hmmm
that tasted so good.	I put lemon and butter it. in, Difficult question, this is
i put lemon and butter in it.	Sandwich the too. was good,, Yes, yes, hmmm
the sandwich was good, too.	Likes sandwiches. tomato and everyone bacon, Difficult question, this is
everyone likes bacon and tomato sandwiches.	Toast. on especially, Yes, yes, hmmm
especially on toast.	The too. were pickles great, and, Difficult question, this is
and the pickles were great, too.	Rice have lunch. fish tomorrow and we'll for, Yes, yes, hmmm
tomorrow we'll have rice and fish for lunch.	Wait. i can't, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm calling the waiter.	The what's matter?, Yes, hmmm
what's the matter?	Too this much fat. steak has, Yes, yes, hmmm
this steak has too much fat.	Waiter to do? you what the want do, Difficult question, this is
what do you want the waiter to do?	Steak. a me bring better, Difficult question, this is
bring me a better steak.	That. wouldn't do i, Difficult question, this is
i wouldn't do that.	Not? why, Yes, yes, hmmm
why not?	Step on floor, and will new the spit on it. steak on drop it, the they then, Yes, yes, hmmm
they will drop the new steak on the floor, step on it, and then spit on it.	Crazy. you're, Yes, yes, hmmm
you're crazy.	You you as he brings give smile the new steak. big waiter the then will a, Difficult question, this is
then the waiter will give you a big smile as he brings you the new steak.	Ideas? these where do get crazy you, Yes, hmmm
where do you get these crazy ideas?	Used restaurant! in a i cook to, Difficult question, this is
let's leave.	But got here. just we, Difficult question, this is
but we just got here.	Waiter's see you hands? the did, Yes, hmmm
did you see the waiter's hands?	No., Yes, yes, hmmm
no.	Dirty had he fingernails., Yes, yes, hmmm
he had dirty fingernails.	Really?, Yes, hmmm
really?	Nails were black! his, Yes, yes, hmmm
his nails were black!	That's disgusting., Yes, hmmm
that's disgusting.	Water our into glasses. and poured he, Difficult question, this is
and he poured water into our glasses.	Yuck! no me. for water, Difficult question, this is
yuck! no water for me.	Dirty, wonder are cooks' nails the if too. i, Difficult question, this is
i wonder if the cooks' nails are dirty, too.	Cares? here. out who of let's get, Difficult question, this is
this hot bread is delicious.	Free you restaurant this give like because bread. they i, Yes, hmmm
i like this restaurant because they give you free bread.	Well, paying we think it. i are for, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, i think we are paying for it.	Look no. bill charge for it. when the get we bread. at the no there's, Yes, hmmm
no. look at the bill when we get it. there's no charge for the bread.	Especially butter. delicious, is it with, Yes, hmmm
it is delicious, especially with butter.	The on i we up bread. fill think after should leave just we, Difficult question, this is
i think we should just leave after we fill up on the bread.	Like they that. wouldn't probably, Yes, hmmm
they probably wouldn't like that.	Getting so i'm full. much eating i'm bread that, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm eating so much bread that i'm getting full.	Eating the stop then bread!, Difficult question, this is
then stop eating the bread!	Piece. please. okay, more one pass butter, the just, Yes, yes, hmmm
okay, just one more piece. pass the butter, please.	If a would the bread never before i serve course. restaurant, owned i hot main, Yes, hmmm
if i owned a restaurant, i would never serve hot bread before the main course.	To terrible. your i never that's would restaurant. go, Yes, yes, hmmm
is this a clean restaurant?	Okay. the look chairs tables and well,, Yes, hmmm
well, the tables and chairs look okay.	Okay, down. let's sit, Yes, hmmm
okay, let's sit down.	Silverware. check the out, Yes, hmmm
check out the silverware.	Passes it inspection., Yes, yes, hmmm
it passes inspection.	His here and waiter. the see comes clean. are if hands nails, Yes, hmmm
here comes the waiter. see if his hands and nails are clean.	Eat clean, it's the here. to so i waiter well, looked okay guess, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, the waiter looked clean, so i guess it's okay to eat here.	Bathroom. the forgetting about you're, Yes, hmmm
you're forgetting about the bathroom.	That clean. is bathroom just hope i'm to going the, Difficult question, this is
i'm going to just hope that the bathroom is clean.	It we before you're examine to dinner? not order going, Difficult question, this is
you're not going to examine it before we order dinner?	Not find hungry rather now. right it's no, pretty that i'm i'd dirty, because out, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, i'd rather not find out that it's dirty, because i'm pretty hungry right now.	On food. focus too. me, forget let's about germs and, Yes, hmmm
have you seen our waiter?	Here now. comes he, Yes, hmmm
here he comes now.	10 almost for been we've sitting here minutes., Difficult question, this is
we've been sitting here for almost 10 minutes.	Oops, i waiter. wrong. guess our was i that isn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
oops, i guess i was wrong. that isn't our waiter.	We can leave. and give minutes, then more him five, Yes, hmmm
we can give him five more minutes, and then leave.	Go to up talk front i'll the and manager., Yes, hmmm
i'll go up front and talk to the manager.	Good that's a idea., Yes, hmmm
that's a good idea.	Drinks maybe waiting so for give long. free us they'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe they'll give us free drinks for waiting so long.	Send waiter us he'll immediately. maybe our, Yes, hmmm
maybe he'll send us our waiter immediately.	Adventure. we every time an eat it's out,, Yes, yes, hmmm
every time we eat out, it's an adventure.	Got to the we next last seats time, kitchen., Yes, hmmm
last time, we got seats next to the kitchen.	There go again. never we'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
is this table okay?	Kitchen close no, it's the door. too to, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, it's too close to the kitchen door.	How this about table?, Difficult question, this is
how about this table?	The to no, too door. it's front close, Difficult question, this is
no, it's too close to the front door.	A like this nice looks table., Difficult question, this is
this looks like a nice table.	Close salad no, too bar. it's to the, Yes, hmmm
no, it's too close to the salad bar.	Okay, i give up., Yes, hmmm
okay, i give up.	Is good table. well, one there, Yes, hmmm
well, there is one good table.	One? which great., Yes, hmmm
great. which one?	At a eight one. it. just of that sat group down, Difficult question, this is
i don't believe the art world.	It what is this time?, Yes, hmmm
what is it this time?	An warhol drawing. andy, Yes, yes, hmmm
an andy warhol drawing.	A famous he's artist., Yes, yes, hmmm
he's a famous artist.	Napkin a drew in on and flower restaurant. a two he butterflies a, Yes, yes, hmmm
he drew two butterflies and a flower on a napkin in a restaurant.	He sign it? did, Difficult question, this is
did he sign it?	Yes., Difficult question, this is
yes.	Beautiful? it is, Difficult question, this is
is it beautiful?	Food the napkin. stains! ink a has black and on napkin white it's just, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's just black ink on a white napkin. and the napkin has food stains!	So not much? worth it's, Yes, yes, hmmm
so it's not worth much?	About $30,000. only, Yes, yes, hmmm
only about $30,000.	Would food more. it without the probably stains, worth be, Yes, hmmm
can we go to the baseball game?	Course. of, Yes, yes, hmmm
of course.	I baseball. love, Yes, hmmm
i love baseball.	I. so do, Difficult question, this is
so do i.	Love eat i the to peanuts., Yes, yes, hmmm
i love to eat the peanuts.	The love eat dogs. hot i to, Yes, hmmm
i love to eat the hot dogs.	Home i see hope we'll run. a, Difficult question, this is
i hope we'll see a home run.	I foul catch hope we'll a ball., Yes, yes, hmmm
i hope we'll catch a foul ball.	Bring a jacket., Yes, hmmm
bring a jacket.	Gets at a cool it night. yes. little, Difficult question, this is
yes. it gets a little cool at night.	To ball. a catch a foul glove bring, Yes, yes, hmmm
bring a glove to catch a foul ball.	My no. cap foul to a use ball. just i'll catch, Yes, hmmm
golf is a silly game.	Certainly is. it, Yes, hmmm
it certainly is.	A hit you ball. white, Difficult question, this is
you hit a white ball.	And it. chase you then, Yes, hmmm
and then you chase it.	And it hit again. you then, Yes, hmmm
and then you hit it again.	Put in hole finally, the ground. the a ball into you, Difficult question, this is
finally, you put the ball into a hole in the ground.	Are do there holes. times, you 18 this because 18, Yes, hmmm
you do this 18 times, because there are 18 holes.	The what's point?, Difficult question, this is
what's the point?	Fun? be it can how, Yes, hmmm
how can it be fun?	Game! they pay silly to money this play, Yes, yes, hmmm
they pay money to play this silly game!	A i mental have think problem. golfers, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think golfers have a mental problem.	They're nuts. think i, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you want to go fishing?	Idea. a that's good yes., Difficult question, this is
yes. that's a good idea.	Where you want go? do to, Yes, yes, hmmm
where do you want to go?	The we to river. can go, Difficult question, this is
we can go to the river.	Can we to the go or lake., Yes, yes, hmmm
or we can go to the lake.	The we or ocean. can to go, Yes, hmmm
or we can go to the ocean.	Let's the lake. go to, Difficult question, this is
let's go to the lake.	Miles away. only yes. is lake 10 the, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. the lake is only 10 miles away.	Be can in we 20 there minutes., Yes, hmmm
we can be there in 20 minutes.	Our fishing i'll rods. get, Yes, hmmm
i'll get our fishing rods.	Get i'll bait. the, Difficult question, this is
i'll get the bait.	Have we'll dinner! for fresh fish, Difficult question, this is
baseball is fun.	Like to the i hit ball., Yes, hmmm
i like to hit the ball.	Around like to run i the bases., Difficult question, this is
i like to run around the bases.	Slide i to like into bases. the, Difficult question, this is
i like to slide into the bases.	A slide. to it's lot fun yeah. of, Yes, hmmm
yeah. it's a lot of fun to slide.	When up. a be grow i i baseball player want to, Difficult question, this is
i want to be a baseball player when i grow up.	Play for want yankees. too. to me the i, Difficult question, this is
me too. i want to play for the yankees.	Dodgers. for want the not i play to me., Yes, hmmm
not me. i want to play for the dodgers.	Practice we have every to day., Yes, hmmm
we have to practice every day.	Don't i practice. like, Difficult question, this is
i don't like practice.	Neither. it's me boring., Yes, hmmm
me neither. it's boring.	Practice but perfect. makes, Yes, yes, hmmm
let's go jogging.	That's good a idea., Difficult question, this is
that's a good idea.	Bought shoes. i new some, Difficult question, this is
i bought some new shoes.	Are comfortable? they, Yes, yes, hmmm
are they comfortable?	Comfortable. very they're, Yes, hmmm
they're very comfortable.	Much they? how were, Difficult question, this is
how much were they?	$80. sale they were for on, Yes, yes, hmmm
they were on sale for $80.	Faster? help do they run you, Yes, yes, hmmm
do they help you run faster?	My but no, hurt don't feet anymore., Yes, yes, hmmm
no, but my feet don't hurt anymore.	Every worth penny. then they're, Difficult question, this is
then they're worth every penny.	To a want might buy pair. you, Yes, yes, hmmm
you might want to buy a pair.	Out. wear wait i pair i'll this until, Yes, hmmm
tiger is the greatest golfer in the world.	Again. say you that can, Difficult question, this is
you can say that again.	But tiger. about i'm worried, Yes, yes, hmmm
but i'm worried about tiger.	That? is why, Yes, hmmm
why is that?	Because scuba likes he to dive., Yes, hmmm
because he likes to scuba dive.	With wrong what's that?, Yes, hmmm
what's wrong with that?	Be can dangerous. it, Yes, yes, hmmm
it can be dangerous.	Could he mean drown. you, Yes, yes, hmmm
you mean he could drown.	Scuba shouldn't retires. until dive he he, Yes, yes, hmmm
he shouldn't scuba dive until he retires.	But to dives he relax., Difficult question, this is
but he dives to relax.	It nervous. relax, might makes me he but, Difficult question, this is
he might relax, but it makes me nervous.	Mind, you shouldn't wife his mind. if doesn't, Difficult question, this is
did you watch that golf tournament?	One that the won? tiger, Yes, yes, hmmm
the one that tiger won?	He how did do it?, Yes, hmmm
how did he do it?	Nothing it him. for was, Yes, hmmm
it was nothing for him.	Hole sank win a putt he one 20-foot by the last on stroke! to, Yes, yes, hmmm
he sank a 20-foot putt on the last hole to win by one stroke!	At stroke. win sank he by tournament last year the 25-footer to a same one, Yes, hmmm
he sank a 25-footer last year at the same tournament to win by one stroke.	From think he is i space. outer, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think he is from outer space.	Human could well. golf that play possibly no, Yes, hmmm
no human could possibly play golf that well.	To he shot he shot. win that a needs tournament, makes whenever a, Yes, yes, hmmm
whenever he needs a shot to win a tournament, he makes that shot.	Human do can no that., Yes, yes, hmmm
no human can do that.	His somebody check record. birth should, Yes, hmmm
somebody should check his birth record.	He i born says was mars. it on bet, Difficult question, this is
who's the greatest baseball player?	There many great are players. so, Yes, yes, hmmm
there are so many great players.	Who the but greatest? is yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, but who is the greatest?	I'd say to ruth. babe have, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'd have to say babe ruth.	Would people most that. say, Difficult question, this is
most people would say that.	The he changed game., Difficult question, this is
he changed the game.	Run yes, he popular. the home made, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, he made the home run popular.	Loved nation. everybody the all over him,, Yes, yes, hmmm
everybody loved him, all over the nation.	He the best yankees make helped ever. team the, Difficult question, this is
he helped make the yankees the best team ever.	Good too. ruth person, and was a, Difficult question, this is
and ruth was a good person, too.	Sick he kids. visited cheer to hospitals up always, Yes, yes, hmmm
he always visited hospitals to cheer up sick kids.	Another will there babe. never be, Yes, hmmm
did you hear what happened at the baseball game?	No, please tell me., Yes, yes, hmmm
no, please tell me.	Punched someone someone. out, Yes, hmmm
someone punched out someone.	Nice. not that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's not nice.	It's than worse that., Yes, yes, hmmm
it's worse than that.	How so?, Yes, hmmm
how so?	Guys got two into an argument., Yes, hmmm
two guys got into an argument.	Were drinking. bet i'll they, Yes, hmmm
i'll bet they were drinking.	Guys. two punched guy third of a one the, Difficult question, this is
a third guy punched one of the two guys.	He i'll drinking, was bet too., Yes, hmmm
i'll bet he was drinking, too.	His head the steps died. and on hit victim concrete the, Yes, yes, hmmm
the victim hit his head on the concrete steps and died.	Terrible. game? have can't at that's baseball fun just people a, Yes, hmmm
i want to go to the ball game.	Is a tonight? game there, Yes, hmmm
is there a game tonight?	P.m. it starts at 7 yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it starts at 7 p.m.	Can get we tickets?, Yes, yes, hmmm
can we get tickets?	Tickets. yes, cheap the only but, Yes, hmmm
yes, but only the cheap tickets.	How are much they?, Yes, hmmm
how much are they?	Only each. they're $5, Yes, yes, hmmm
they're only $5 each.	A that's good price., Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a good price.	Than a a beer. or yes, cheaper hot dog it's, Yes, hmmm
yes, it's cheaper than a hot dog or a beer.	Where seats? are the, Yes, hmmm
where are the seats?	Behind the outfield. they're, Difficult question, this is
they're behind the outfield.	Run ball. we a can home maybe catch, Yes, hmmm
golf is so hard.	White hitting so what's about a hard ball? little, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's so hard about hitting a little white ball?	Right. it's to hard you want do if it, Yes, hmmm
it's hard if you want to do it right.	Like you mean tiger?, Yes, hmmm
you mean like tiger?	Good no, golfer. amateur like a, Difficult question, this is
no, like a good amateur golfer.	About hard golf? so what's, Difficult question, this is
what's so hard about golf?	To have things you so right. there do are many, Yes, yes, hmmm
there are so many things you have to do right.	Like what?, Yes, yes, hmmm
like what?	Head keep your straight, follow left your down, keep arm and like through., Yes, hmmm
like keep your left arm straight, keep your head down, and follow through.	Yikes! can that? all who remember, Difficult question, this is
yikes! who can remember all that?	Lessons you really need get young. when lot to you're of a, Yes, hmmm
you need to get a lot of lessons when you're really young.	Work fun. like it. more sounds forget than golf, Difficult question, this is
did you hear about the ball player?	On home drugs? run the hitter, Difficult question, this is
the home run hitter on drugs?	Doctor with problem. said him personal helped a he a, Difficult question, this is
he said a doctor helped him with a personal problem.	Drugs. he he wasn't using said, Yes, hmmm
he said he wasn't using drugs.	To apologized the fans. he, Yes, yes, hmmm
he apologized to the fans.	Him suspended the games. for 50 league, Yes, hmmm
the league suspended him for 50 games.	Him that cost money. will some, Yes, hmmm
that will cost him some money.	Yes, $7 million. about, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, about $7 million.	Him teach good will a lesson. that, Difficult question, this is
that will teach him a good lesson.	Won't use he probably drugs anymore., Yes, yes, hmmm
he probably won't use drugs anymore.	Using but it won't other stop players drugs. from, Yes, hmmm
but it won't stop other players from using drugs.	Always won't that figures they caught. no. get everyone, Yes, yes, hmmm
why is there so much crime?	Wrong. teach because don't parents kids their from right, Difficult question, this is
because parents don't teach their kids right from wrong.	It? is that, Yes, hmmm
is that it?	Also, police. aren't enough there, Difficult question, this is
also, there aren't enough police.	Are police. a lot but of there, Difficult question, this is
but there are a lot of police.	One police per there's criminals. officer 100 only, Yes, hmmm
there's only one police officer per 100 criminals.	Police? more can't hire we, Difficult question, this is
can't we hire more police?	Money. it no. costs much too, Difficult question, this is
no. it costs too much money.	Crime police? doesn't cost than more, Yes, hmmm
doesn't crime cost more than police?	It yes, does., Yes, hmmm
yes, it does.	More so to hire police? be cheaper would it, Yes, hmmm
so it would be cheaper to hire more police?	Yes, would. it, Difficult question, this is
this is a great neighborhood.	Is. it yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, it is.	Are friendly. people, Yes, hmmm
people are friendly.	Are. they yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, they are.	Clean. and the streets sidewalks are, Yes, hmmm
the streets and sidewalks are clean.	Yes, are. they, Difficult question, this is
yes, they are.	Nearby. a nice park there's real, Yes, yes, hmmm
there's a real nice park nearby.	There is. yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, there is.	I feel here. safe, Yes, yes, hmmm
i feel safe here.	Here. crime there no is, Yes, hmmm
there is no crime here.	Move wish i i here. could, Yes, yes, hmmm
i wish i could move here.	If can, moves maybe you out. someone, Yes, yes, hmmm
the house burned down.	What happened?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what happened?	Man asleep. fell the, Yes, hmmm
the man fell asleep.	He was smoking?, Yes, hmmm
was he smoking?	Smoking a cigarette. he yes, was, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, he was smoking a cigarette.	Did he die?, Yes, yes, hmmm
did he die?	His cat did. died, he yes, too., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, he did. his cat died, too.	His too alarm? bad. what about that's smoke, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's too bad. what about his smoke alarm?	Dead. the was battery, Yes, hmmm
the battery was dead.	Life. would a have battery saved his good, Yes, hmmm
a good battery would have saved his life.	No cigarettes, had but he battery., Yes, yes, hmmm
he had cigarettes, but no battery.	The all it time. happens, Yes, hmmm
they say he has started fifteen big fires.	Three jail he's in times been already., Difficult question, this is
he's been in jail three times already.	Ever they let did him out? why, Difficult question, this is
why did they ever let him out?	Law. keep the forever. it's jail in him they can't, Difficult question, this is
it's the law. they can't keep him in jail forever.	Why start a not? knows he's he firebug. loves to fires. everyone, Yes, hmmm
why not? everyone knows he's a firebug. he loves to start fires.	Make know. i doesn't don't sense. the sometimes law, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't know. sometimes the law doesn't make sense.	His fire latest someone. but killed, Yes, hmmm
but his latest fire killed someone.	Have they him with charged this murder. time, Yes, yes, hmmm
this time they have charged him with murder.	He'll forever? maybe so to jail go, Yes, yes, hmmm
so maybe he'll go to jail forever?	Sure so. hope i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i sure hope so.	Him on fire. set should someone, Difficult question, this is
someone should set him on fire.	Teach that lesson. good a would him, Yes, hmmm
put your seatbelt on.	Why?, Difficult question, this is
why?	Case of because you it protect an accident. will in, Difficult question, this is
because it will protect you in case of an accident.	It's uncomfortable. but, Yes, hmmm
but it's uncomfortable.	It's the law., Difficult question, this is
it's the law.	So it's much trouble., Yes, hmmm
it's so much trouble.	It's common sense., Yes, yes, hmmm
it's common sense.	It's for to tight hard breathe. it's that me so, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's so tight that it's hard for me to breathe.	Hold your get there. till breath we, Yes, hmmm
hold your breath till we get there.	My seatbelt is on. okay,, Yes, hmmm
okay, my seatbelt is on.	Don't much. glad you i'm very complain, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm glad you don't complain very much.	For an ready i'm accident., Difficult question, this is
what are you doing?	It burnt bulb. the change to i'm light going out., Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm going to change the light bulb. it burnt out.	Are standing on? what you, Yes, yes, hmmm
what are you standing on?	Dictionaries couple some textbooks. and a of, Difficult question, this is
a couple of dictionaries and some textbooks.	You are crazy?, Yes, hmmm
are you crazy?	What's matter? the, Yes, hmmm
what's the matter?	Will books fall. those slip you'll and, Yes, hmmm
those books will slip and you'll fall.	Feet. couple only it's of a, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's only a couple of feet.	Pieces you while holding it fall and your breaks what and light bulb, the go into you're eyes? if, Difficult question, this is
what if you fall while you're holding the light bulb, and it breaks and pieces go into your eyes?	About that. thought i never, Yes, yes, hmmm
i never thought about that.	For blind of the be rest your you'd life!, Yes, hmmm
you'd be blind for the rest of your life!	The stepladder. get i'll, Yes, hmmm
did you see that puddle of water on the floor?	For called yes. a clean-up. i, Difficult question, this is
yes. i called for a clean-up.	Dangerous. a water of puddle is very, Yes, hmmm
a puddle of water is very dangerous.	See. isn't to easy it, Yes, hmmm
it isn't easy to see.	Easy slip real it's but to on., Yes, hmmm
but it's real easy to slip on.	On these especially floors. slick, Yes, hmmm
especially on these slick floors.	Someone could who back. their hurt slips, Yes, yes, hmmm
someone who slips could hurt their back.	They head even could crack open. their, Difficult question, this is
they could even crack their head open.	Clean-up we here till should stand gets the person here., Difficult question, this is
we should stand here till the clean-up person gets here.	We put if we an orange cone leave here. can, Yes, hmmm
we can leave if we put an orange cone here.	Know i yes, don't but where cones orange the are., Yes, hmmm
yes, but i don't know where the orange cones are.	With comes here the now mop. it he doesn't matter., Yes, yes, hmmm
what happens when the fire alarm rings?	Leave students to tell our we classroom. the, Difficult question, this is
we tell our students to leave the classroom.	Take their can belongings? they, Difficult question, this is
can they take their belongings?	Yes, do they quickly. it if, Yes, hmmm
yes, if they do it quickly.	Where do go? the students, Difficult question, this is
where do the students go?	Out lot. go north they parking the to, Yes, hmmm
they go out to the north parking lot.	What do teachers do? the, Yes, hmmm
what do the teachers do?	To take roll. the take parking our lot we and rosters, Difficult question, this is
we take our rosters to the parking lot and take roll.	You do do why that?, Difficult question, this is
why do you do that?	Sure want we the out to students all the of building. are make, Difficult question, this is
we want to make sure all the students are out of the building.	If what? are outside, all they then, Yes, yes, hmmm
if they are all outside, then what?	In. back to to tell go for just us a then fireman we outside wait, Yes, hmmm
i have to go back upstairs.	Already why? we're late., Yes, hmmm
why? we're already late.	To check have the stove. i, Yes, hmmm
i have to check the stove.	Matter? the what's, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's the matter?	Burner left on. the i maybe, Yes, hmmm
maybe i left the burner on.	We stove left. checked no, i the before you didn't., Difficult question, this is
no, you didn't. i checked the stove before we left.	You are sure?, Yes, hmmm
are you sure?	I'm of sure. course, Yes, hmmm
of course i'm sure.	Anyway. have back i to well, upstairs go, Difficult question, this is
well, i have to go back upstairs anyway.	Minute. later getting every it's, Yes, hmmm
it's getting later every minute.	I i water think running. the left, Difficult question, this is
i think i left the water running.	You thing is no, let's running the the clock! didn't. only go!, Yes, hmmm
the city is buying guns.	What are they paying?, Difficult question, this is
what are they paying?	Asked. up $200 questions gun, for each no to, Difficult question, this is
up to $200 for each gun, no questions asked.	This? why doing they are, Difficult question, this is
why are they doing this?	Want they to off the street. get guns, Yes, yes, hmmm
they want to get guns off the street.	Would for gun a who $200? turn in, Yes, yes, hmmm
who would turn in a gun for $200?	Isn't a that deal? good, Yes, hmmm
that isn't a good deal?	A or good more. costs gun $400, Difficult question, this is
a good gun costs $400 or more.	They'll if $400. your give maybe receipt, you bring well, you, Difficult question, this is
well, if you bring your receipt, maybe they'll give you $400.	My and i'll keep my gun. receipt, Difficult question, this is
i'll keep my receipt and my gun.	Had you didn't know i a gun., Yes, hmmm
i didn't know you had a gun.	Have in america gun. should a everyone, Yes, hmmm
you're yawning.	Am. i sure, Difficult question, this is
i sure am.	Bed. should you go to, Yes, hmmm
you should go to bed.	This soon article. as will as i i finish, Yes, hmmm
i will as soon as i finish this article.	What you reading? are, Yes, hmmm
what are you reading?	Los about it's angeles. crime in, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's about crime in los angeles.	Say? what it does, Yes, hmmm
what does it say?	Says the the is rate going mayor crime down., Yes, hmmm
the mayor says the crime rate is going down.	Why everyone then doors? lock their does, Yes, yes, hmmm
then why does everyone lock their doors?	This guess they haven't i read article., Yes, yes, hmmm
i guess they haven't read this article.	Down. that crime is rate believes the one going no, Yes, hmmm
no one believes that the crime rate is going down.	Neighborhood. about is own talking the maybe mayor just his, Yes, yes, hmmm
people who live in california are crazy.	That? why is, Difficult question, this is
why is that?	Earthquakes the all fires. because of and, Yes, hmmm
because of all the earthquakes and fires.	While. a big only earthquakes in happen once but, Yes, yes, hmmm
but big earthquakes happen only once in a while.	Too is once once while many. in a, Yes, hmmm
once in a while is once too many.	Are fires. but right. lot there you're of a, Yes, hmmm
but you're right. there are a lot of fires.	Recent a homes. destroyed 85 fire, Yes, yes, hmmm
a recent fire destroyed 85 homes.	Still, than it's safer florida., Difficult question, this is
still, it's safer than florida.	Have earthquakes or doesn't florida fires., Yes, yes, hmmm
florida doesn't have earthquakes or fires.	From to florida june hurricanes has year october. just every no,, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, florida just has hurricanes every year from june to october.	Are hurricanes most harmless. those of but, Yes, yes, hmmm
but most of those hurricanes are harmless.	Me. destroyed andrew homes! 30,000 hurricane excuse, Difficult question, this is
i went to hawaii on vacation.	Like you it? did, Difficult question, this is
did you like it?	To it. there. live loved i want i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i loved it. i want to live there.	Like? what you did, Yes, hmmm
what did you like?	Green, the water blue. so and so island is is the, Yes, hmmm
the island is so green, and the water is so blue.	You swimming? did go, Yes, hmmm
did you go swimming?	To beach went i the every day., Difficult question, this is
i went to the beach every day.	The was weather? how, Difficult question, this is
how was the weather?	Day. was and sunny it every hot, Difficult question, this is
it was hot and sunny every day.	Night? what did at you do, Difficult question, this is
what did you do at night?	Food out night i to at eat. went the delicious. was, Yes, yes, hmmm
at night i went out to eat. the food was delicious.	In people lucky. are live hawaii who, Yes, hmmm
i like this hotel.	What about it? you do like, Yes, hmmm
what do you like about it?	A get free breakfast. we, Difficult question, this is
we get a free breakfast.	Coffee a roll? and, Yes, yes, hmmm
coffee and a roll?	Real a no, breakfast., Difficult question, this is
no, a real breakfast.	Bacon eggs? and, Yes, hmmm
bacon and eggs?	With and ham, juice. fresh fruit, toast, sausage,, Yes, hmmm
with toast, ham, sausage, fresh fruit, and juice.	For that stay nights. is nice. two wow! let's, Difficult question, this is
wow! that is nice. let's stay for two nights.	Clean, are the and too. rooms, Difficult question, this is
and the rooms are clean, too.	Do pets? allow they, Yes, yes, hmmm
do they allow pets?	No pets, no smoking., Yes, yes, hmmm
no pets, no smoking.	Like let's nights. three that. i stay, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm not sleeping here tonight.	Nice is room. a this the matter? what's, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's the matter? this is a nice room.	But is room bed. maybe the the not nice,, Yes, hmmm
maybe the room is nice, but not the bed.	Wrong with the bed? what's, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's wrong with the bed?	At sheet. this look, Difficult question, this is
look at this sheet.	Yes?, Difficult question, this is
yes?	Stains? see those, Difficult question, this is
see those stains?	Sure do. i, Difficult question, this is
i sure do.	Not on i'm sleeping that sheet., Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm not sleeping on that sheet.	Well, call the they'll front just sheets. new us desk. give, Difficult question, this is
well, just call the front desk. they'll give us new sheets.	Them. sheets want i on without stains, Yes, yes, hmmm
i want sheets without stains on them.	Our own from bring on, now let's sheets., Yes, yes, hmmm
what time does your plane leave?	At 12:15. leaves it, Yes, yes, hmmm
it leaves at 12:15.	The you to be do airport? when have at, Difficult question, this is
when do you have to be at the airport?	Hours be two have i there early. to, Difficult question, this is
i have to be there two hours early.	So at have to the be airport we 10:15. at, Difficult question, this is
so we have to be at the airport at 10:15.	To house at 9:15. we the that means have leave, Yes, yes, hmmm
that means we have to leave the house at 9:15.	Are an get problems. no well, it's if traffic hour there, to there, Difficult question, this is
well, it's an hour to get there, if there are no traffic problems.	We maybe leave so 8:15? better at, Difficult question, this is
so maybe we better leave at 8:15?	It's yes, to there than too better early late. too get, Difficult question, this is
yes, it's better to get there too early than too late.	Agree. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i agree.	Never happen these on you what might know freeways., Difficult question, this is
you never know what might happen on these freeways.	There's accident at least day. one huge every, Difficult question, this is
i need to fly to new york.	You going? are when, Yes, hmmm
when are you going?	Holidays. christmas during the, Yes, hmmm
during the christmas holidays.	You'd now. buy ticket your better, Difficult question, this is
you'd better buy your ticket now.	You be must kidding., Yes, hmmm
you must be kidding.	I'm it's not. selling right are out out. march. is time now. seats no, running, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, i'm not. it's march. time is running out. seats are selling out right now.	Until thought i wait would i october., Yes, hmmm
i thought i would wait until october.	Ever the is first during i'll flown bet this christmas. you've time, Difficult question, this is
i'll bet this is the first time you've ever flown during christmas.	Right. you're, Yes, yes, hmmm
you're right.	Need you to listen a now. ticket to me. well, buy, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, listen to me. you need to buy a ticket now.	In cheaper october. but will prices maybe be, Difficult question, this is
but maybe prices will be cheaper in october.	Any won't do if seats. good are cheaper you there no prices, Yes, hmmm
i hate flying.	Do so i., Yes, yes, hmmm
so do i.	To be a okay. flying used long ago, time, Yes, hmmm
a long time ago, flying used to be okay.	A it's bus. riding now like, Difficult question, this is
now it's like riding a bus.	People you're jammed all you. in around with, Yes, hmmm
you're jammed in with people all around you.	Of the are half coughing, half them sneezing. other and are, Yes, yes, hmmm
half of them are coughing, and the other half are sneezing.	Any don't have knee room. room you elbow or, Yes, hmmm
you don't have any elbow room or knee room.	Use getting up bathroom. always the to are people, Yes, hmmm
people are always getting up to use the bathroom.	Over climbing kids are you. crying or, Yes, yes, hmmm
kids are crying or climbing over you.	It's zoo! a flying, Difficult question, this is
it's a flying zoo!	Could seats. afford first class wish i i, Yes, hmmm
i wish i could afford first class seats.	Everybody? doesn't, Difficult question, this is
some guy rowed across the atlantic ocean.	For him. good, Yes, yes, hmmm
good for him.	Why do would that? he, Yes, hmmm
why would he do that?	New did set he a record?, Yes, hmmm
did he set a new record?	I yes, think he did., Difficult question, this is
yes, i think he did.	It. did why i guess that's well, he, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, i guess that's why he did it.	The point? what's, Difficult question, this is
what's the point?	Now has record! the world he, Yes, hmmm
now he has the world record!	Good what so is it, someone's but break it? going to, Difficult question, this is
but someone's going to break it, so what good is it?	While it he it can lasts. enjoy well,, Difficult question, this is
well, he can enjoy it while it lasts.	Don't it. he i got even for paid think, Yes, hmmm
i don't think he even got paid for it.	Some it it. do people just to do, Yes, yes, hmmm
i want to go on a cruise ship.	Want sounds like where to that you fun. do go?, Yes, hmmm
that sounds like fun. where do you want to go?	Hawaii. cruise want to to i, Difficult question, this is
i want to cruise to hawaii.	Lots and that fun, a lots of be trip. food. should of nice, Yes, hmmm
that should be a nice trip. lots of fun, and lots of food.	Will have it how much no idea i cost., Yes, hmmm
i have no idea how much it will cost.	On think i on the and your depends season it cabin., Yes, yes, hmmm
i think it depends on the season and on your cabin.	Go when i weather want well, the of is course to nice., Difficult question, this is
well, of course i want to go when the weather is nice.	Storms. yes, in don't to want winter you travel, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, you don't want to travel in winter storms.	With i cabin big want get a a and view. to, Difficult question, this is
and i want to get a big cabin with a view.	You travel alone? to going are, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you going to travel alone?	Sister my will together. i no, and travel, Difficult question, this is
no, my sister and i will travel together.	And online good go to a try should find well, deal. you, Yes, hmmm
i hate to fly.	All because security? of the, Yes, hmmm
because of all the security?	No, it my because ears. hurts, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, because it hurts my ears.	What mean? you do, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	My off, ears time so or much. hurt we take every land, Yes, yes, hmmm
every time we land or take off, my ears hurt so much.	Altitude i think. just that's change, the, Difficult question, this is
that's just the altitude change, i think.	It hurts. is, it whatever, Yes, hmmm
whatever it is, it hurts.	Medicine can't it? take something or you for, Yes, hmmm
can't you take medicine or something for it?	Tried everything, nothing works. i've but, Yes, hmmm
i've tried everything, but nothing works.	Have earplugs? tried you, Yes, yes, hmmm
have you tried earplugs?	Work, either. they don't, Yes, hmmm
they don't work, either.	Pilot. be a you're glad not well,, Yes, yes, hmmm
spring break starts tomorrow.	Anywhere? going you to are go, Yes, yes, hmmm
are you going to go anywhere?	Thinking to of was driving i arizona., Yes, yes, hmmm
i was thinking of driving to arizona.	To canyon? the grand, Difficult question, this is
to the grand canyon?	There. been never i've yes., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. i've never been there.	I when a was kid. was i there, Yes, hmmm
i was there when i was a kid.	Did it? how like you, Yes, hmmm
how did you like it?	Loved remember it. i still how it i was. amazing, Yes, hmmm
i loved it. i still remember how amazing it was.	I'm it, sure too. like i'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm sure i'll like it, too.	The should try a bottom. on to a mule trail riding you, Yes, hmmm
you should try riding a mule on a trail to the bottom.	Fall death. my want way! no to don't i to, Yes, hmmm
no way! i don't want to fall to my death.	One only don't a off fallen mule. worry. ever has person, Yes, hmmm
that hotel was terrible.	Worst in whole the the world., Difficult question, this is
the worst in the whole world.	The so were thin. walls, Yes, yes, hmmm
the walls were so thin.	Long day or we heard tvs all telephones., Yes, yes, hmmm
all day long we heard tvs or telephones.	We long night snoring. people heard all, Yes, hmmm
all night long we heard people snoring.	Towels. didn't fresh us give housekeeping, Yes, yes, hmmm
housekeeping didn't give us fresh towels.	Service brought dinner. us a room cold, Yes, hmmm
room service brought us a cold dinner.	Cigarette our room of stunk smoke. nonsmoking, Yes, yes, hmmm
our nonsmoking room stunk of cigarette smoke.	Machine. and was to the next elevator room right the our ice, Yes, yes, hmmm
our room was right next to the elevator and the ice machine.	Bill. they charges to phony our added, Yes, hmmm
they added phony charges to our bill.	How end did in that up we terrible hotel?, Yes, hmmm
how did we end up in that terrible hotel?	Gave travel agent a us the 50-percent discount!, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have to hang up. i'm so sleepy.	Not o'clock. it's even 10, Yes, hmmm
it's not even 10 o'clock.	The i'm falling on phone. asleep, Difficult question, this is
i'm falling asleep on the phone.	Up early. got you real, Difficult question, this is
you got up real early.	Take to friend i airport. had to my the, Yes, hmmm
i had to take my friend to the airport.	You when a why you nap home? didn't got take, Difficult question, this is
why didn't you take a nap when you got home?	Didn't minutes get until 30 home i ago., Difficult question, this is
i didn't get home until 30 minutes ago.	That? is why, Difficult question, this is
why is that?	Was threat bomb a airport. the at there, Yes, hmmm
there was a bomb threat at the airport.	Only a threat?, Difficult question, this is
only a threat?	For looked while yes, the they i but there all was bomb. stuck day, Yes, hmmm
yes, but i was stuck there all day while they looked for the bomb.	For be someday the going real. bomb to is, Yes, yes, hmmm
my dad went to washington, d.c.	That? why he did do, Yes, yes, hmmm
why did he do that?	Other veterans. 90 he with invited, along was about, Yes, hmmm
he was invited, along with about 90 other veterans.	Invited who them?, Yes, yes, hmmm
who invited them?	Private some organization., Yes, yes, hmmm
some private organization.	They invite him? why did, Difficult question, this is
why did they invite him?	Ii. other world in thank him to who and the all served soldiers war, Difficult question, this is
to thank him and all the other soldiers who served in world war ii.	Very that's nice., Yes, hmmm
that's very nice.	Dad ii war world got monument. the to new beautiful my see, Yes, hmmm
my dad got to see the beautiful new world war ii monument.	Of have cost that trip a money. must lot, Yes, yes, hmmm
that trip must have cost a lot of money. 	He the from money came all said donations. private, Yes, yes, hmmm
that was a great trip to washington, d.c.	It, tell dad. about me, Difficult question, this is
tell me about it, dad.	Us about a.m. the 8 veterans got at war plane ii world of on 90, Yes, hmmm
about 90 of us world war ii veterans got on the plane at 8 a.m.	Was long how the flight?, Yes, hmmm
how long was the flight?	Only took two it about hours., Yes, hmmm
it only took about two hours.	You ii war take monument? the did world at pictures, Yes, hmmm
did you take pictures at the world war ii monument?	Yes. lots of oh, we took all pictures., Yes, hmmm
oh, yes. we all took lots of pictures.	You flew then back home that evening?, Yes, yes, hmmm
then you flew back home that evening?	We the landed, reporters tv when band army were yes. and there., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. when we landed, tv reporters and the army band were there.	Feel have special. you that made really must, Yes, hmmm
that must have made you feel really special.	Honor about there were to it oh, us. did. 300 people there, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, it did. there were about 300 people there to honor us.	Well, it. helped save our all country. deserve you you, Difficult question, this is
i need a job.	Had i thought a you job., Yes, hmmm
i thought you had a job.	I did., Difficult question, this is
i did.	Happened? what, Yes, hmmm
what happened?	I off. laid got, Yes, hmmm
i got laid off.	When that's happen? terrible! it did, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's terrible! when did it happen?	Laid last off week. i got, Yes, hmmm
i got laid off last week.	Just you?, Yes, yes, hmmm
just you?	Got ten no, too. laid my off, of coworkers, Yes, hmmm
no, ten of my coworkers got laid off, too.	You going what do? to are, Difficult question, this is
what are you going to do?	A looking for job. the in newspaper i'm, Difficult question, this is
i'm looking in the newspaper for a job.	Luck! good, Yes, hmmm
before you go to that interview, check yourself.	Check? to what's, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's to check?	Nails your clean? are, Difficult question, this is
are your nails clean?	They yes, are., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, they are.	Double-check teeth? did you and nose your, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you double-check your nose and teeth?	They are clean, too., Yes, yes, hmmm
they are clean, too.	You your did shoes? shine, Yes, hmmm
did you shine your shoes?	My shined. are shoes, Yes, yes, hmmm
my shoes are shined.	Your socks match? do, Yes, hmmm
do your socks match?	Of match. they course, Yes, yes, hmmm
of course they match.	And they one is one dark black is don't. no, blue., Yes, hmmm
no, they don't. one is black and one is dark blue.	Thank you. yikes!, Yes, hmmm
life is hard.	It is. sure, Difficult question, this is
it sure is.	I hard. was thought school, Yes, hmmm
i thought school was hard.	Too. me, couldn't to i graduate. wait, Yes, yes, hmmm
me, too. i couldn't wait to graduate.	Work now hard, too. but is, Yes, hmmm
but now work is hard, too.	Is i work as just hard as school. agree., Yes, yes, hmmm
i agree. work is just as hard as school.	Was sometimes school. in i i back wish, Yes, yes, hmmm
sometimes i wish i was back in school.	Too. me, school fun. was, Yes, yes, hmmm
me, too. school was fun.	Only was it and 12 years., Difficult question, this is
and it was only 12 years.	It by pretty fast. went, Yes, hmmm
it went by pretty fast.	Forever! goes but work on, Difficult question, this is
but work goes on forever!	Have 30 years! we work for to, Difficult question, this is
i'm sleepy.	I. so am, Yes, hmmm
so am i.	I a long had day., Difficult question, this is
i had a long day.	So i. did, Yes, hmmm
so did i.	Didn't i lunch. have even, Yes, yes, hmmm
i didn't even have lunch.	I. did neither, Yes, yes, hmmm
neither did i.	Whole day. i busy the was, Difficult question, this is
i was busy the whole day.	Was i. so, Yes, yes, hmmm
so was i.	Work home with i bring had me. to, Yes, hmmm
i had to bring work home with me.	Too. i did, Yes, yes, hmmm
i did too.	Mine. was like your just day, Difficult question, this is
your day was just like mine.	We work of together! was. it course, Difficult question, this is
i don't like my job.	Do? you do what, Difficult question, this is
what do you do?	A babysitter. i'm, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm a babysitter.	A work? of is that lot, Yes, yes, hmmm
is that a lot of work?	The cry all babies time., Yes, yes, hmmm
babies cry all the time.	Their have change diapers. to you, Difficult question, this is
you have to change their diapers.	To have i feed them., Yes, yes, hmmm
i have to feed them.	You for are job? looking another, Yes, hmmm
are you looking for another job?	Looking no, family. another for i'm, Difficult question, this is
no, i'm looking for another family.	Another family?, Yes, yes, hmmm
another family?	One with family only baby. a, Yes, hmmm
a family with only one baby.	That's good a idea., Difficult question, this is
i need a job.	Your last what job? was, Yes, hmmm
what was your last job?	I was painter. a, Yes, hmmm
i was a painter.	What happened?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what happened?	Laid got no work. was there i because off, Yes, yes, hmmm
i got laid off because there was no work.	Can else do? you what, Yes, hmmm
what else can you do?	A handyman. i'm, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm a handyman.	In sink? can a faucet you fix dripping kitchen a, Yes, yes, hmmm
can you fix a dripping faucet in a kitchen sink?	Course. of, Yes, hmmm
of course.	Then have kitchen. my job you i a for in, Difficult question, this is
then i have a job for you in my kitchen.	You parts. only will it cost plus $20, Yes, hmmm
it will cost you only $20 plus parts.	That sounds a fair okay. price. like, Yes, hmmm
what would you do if you lost your job?	Idea. for here i years. been have 20 i've no, Yes, hmmm
i have no idea. i've been here for 20 years.	Have do any skills? you other, Yes, hmmm
do you have any other skills?	Flip know well, i hamburgers. how to, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, i know how to flip hamburgers.	Hamburgers. flip hire you to would one no, Difficult question, this is
no one would hire you to flip hamburgers.	Not telling you me? that heard something have you're, Yes, hmmm
have you heard something that you're not telling me?	Mean? what you do, Difficult question, this is
what do you mean?	Are place? there this going to at layoffs be, Yes, yes, hmmm
are there going to be layoffs at this place?	I not! hope certainly, Yes, yes, hmmm
i certainly hope not!	You hamburgers, be you'd if flipping off, too. got laid, Difficult question, this is
if you got laid off, you'd be flipping hamburgers, too.	Burger great, could we king. both work oh at, Yes, hmmm
oh great, we could both work at burger king.	Maybe we'd off laid get too. there,, Yes, hmmm
do your students ever talk about their jobs?	The jobs me what they ask best. are and yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, and they ask me what jobs are the best.	A teacher. students to tell my become i, Yes, hmmm
i tell my students to become a teacher.	Job. is a teaching great, Yes, yes, hmmm
teaching is a great job.	Had. best i've it's ever the job, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's the best job i've ever had.	Makes so what good? it, Difficult question, this is
what makes it so good?	Students. the it's for me,, Yes, hmmm
for me, it's the students.	What you mean? do, Difficult question, this is
what do you mean?	I wonderful mean students. have i, Difficult question, this is
i mean i have wonderful students.	Must that be nice., Yes, hmmm
that must be nice.	Whole of part the teaching best is day. my, Yes, hmmm
teaching is the best part of my whole day.	Lucky a you're have you man love. job to a, Difficult question, this is
boy, i'm glad that job is finished.	How it long did take?, Yes, hmmm
how long did it take?	Without four hours, a break., Yes, hmmm
four hours, without a break.	A finish it's always to nice job., Yes, yes, hmmm
it's always nice to finish a job.	It's bad. good well, and, Difficult question, this is
well, it's good and bad.	About it? what's bad, Yes, hmmm
what's bad about it?	Job! all when another do finish, you start is you, Difficult question, this is
when you finish, all you do is start another job!	Yes, does boring. it right. that's get, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, that's right. it does get boring.	Over especially over. and work, the if same it's, Difficult question, this is
especially if it's the same work, over and over.	What that's people but do. most, Yes, yes, hmmm
but that's what most people do.	Most guess of routine. in us stuck i a yes, are, Yes, hmmm
yes, i guess most of us are stuck in a routine.	There wonder over. that over and job i you don't if repeat any is, Difficult question, this is
i think i have the worst boss in the world.	Him so makes what bad?, Yes, hmmm
what makes him so bad?	Yells he's and a lot. he rude, Difficult question, this is
he's rude and he yells a lot.	Take. that's to hard, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's hard to take.	Him thank i've say heard you. please or never, Difficult question, this is
i've never heard him say please or thank you.	Jerk. he like sounds real a, Difficult question, this is
he sounds like a real jerk.	At him. likes work no one, Yes, yes, hmmm
no one at work likes him.	To his you can't supervisor? report him, Difficult question, this is
can't you report him to his supervisor?	I'll not. do lose job. course if of my that, i, Difficult question, this is
of course not. if i do that, i'll lose my job.	Like yes, complainers. troublemakers or they don't, Yes, hmmm
yes, they don't like troublemakers or complainers.	Salary. a because i can't good making i'm quit,, Yes, hmmm
i can't quit, because i'm making a good salary.	Over money shouldn't happiness. choose you, Difficult question, this is
what are we going to do?	What? about, Yes, hmmm
about what?	Me. a for job finding about, Yes, hmmm
about finding a job for me.	Make you i for don't a of money need enough both job. us., Yes, yes, hmmm
you don't need a job. i make enough money for both of us.	Matter. don't to that i around. doesn't sit want, Difficult question, this is
that doesn't matter. i don't want to sit around.	Do job of okay, want? kind what you, Yes, hmmm
okay, what kind of job do you want?	Not i'm sure., Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm not sure.	Well, that should do you enjoy. you something, Yes, hmmm
well, you should do something that you enjoy.	Was selling. born i i sell. enjoy to, Yes, hmmm
i enjoy selling. i was born to sell.	To do want you okay, sell? what, Difficult question, this is
okay, what do you want to sell?	Make a fortune. lighters. cigarette i'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
cigarette lighters. i'll make a fortune.	Smoking! but hate you hate cigarettes you and, Yes, hmmm
a new hotel is looking for workers.	The it tv news. saw i yes, on, Difficult question, this is
yes, i saw it on the tv news.	New they 300 workers. need, Yes, yes, hmmm
they need 300 new workers.	People up. showed 4,000 and, Yes, hmmm
and 4,000 people showed up.	Many are out people of so work., Yes, yes, hmmm
so many people are out of work.	Have job, i still thank goodness. my, Yes, hmmm
i still have my job, thank goodness.	I, do so worried. i'm but, Yes, hmmm
so do i, but i'm worried.	Too. guarantees. me there are no, Yes, hmmm
me too. there are no guarantees.	With can in your job, move lose you you me. if, Yes, yes, hmmm
if you lose your job, you can move in with me.	Very thank of nice that's you. you. oh,, Yes, hmmm
oh, thank you. that's very nice of you.	Would me. for the you do same, Yes, yes, hmmm
you would do the same for me.	For? what course. of friends are, Difficult question, this is
i think i did something real stupid.	You what did do?, Difficult question, this is
what did you do?	Some stock. i bought, Difficult question, this is
i bought some stock.	Everybody buys stock., Yes, yes, hmmm
everybody buys stock.	On bought it hunch. i a, Yes, yes, hmmm
i bought it on a hunch.	First? the company about you read didn't, Yes, hmmm
you didn't read about the company first?	Didn't have i been years. for to. business 60 it's in, Yes, hmmm
i didn't have to. it's been in business for 60 years.	The so what's problem?, Difficult question, this is
so what's the problem?	Savings all i company. my one this used on, Yes, hmmm
i used all my savings on this one company.	You your basket. eggs put into one all, Yes, hmmm
you put all your eggs into one basket.	Of company if i'll the goes out business, have nothing., Yes, yes, hmmm
if the company goes out of business, i'll have nothing.	Have a oh, you'll never lesson you'll have somethingyou'll forget!, Difficult question, this is
i was going to be a doctor.	What your to happened plans?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what happened to your plans?	I got d college a in chemistry., Difficult question, this is
i got a d in college chemistry.	Better than a an d is well, f., Difficult question, this is
well, a d is better than an f.	The get tutor a helped d! me, Yes, yes, hmmm
a tutor helped me get the d!	You doctor. a didn't so, become, Yes, yes, hmmm
so, you didn't become a doctor.	Now i didn't. that and glad i'm, Yes, hmmm
and now i'm glad that i didn't.	That? why's, Yes, hmmm
why's that?	A the world. most hospital in place the is dangerous, Yes, yes, hmmm
a hospital is the most dangerous place in the world.	Because the of germs. killer all oh, yes,, Difficult question, this is
oh, yes, because of all the killer germs.	Away smart doctor, hospitals. you if you're stay from a, Yes, yes, hmmm
if you're a smart doctor, you stay away from hospitals.	Patients. tv smart no news are the those doctorsno hospitals, doctors yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
i want to be a mail carrier when i grow up.	Why?, Yes, yes, hmmm
why?	Meet people. a to because get of lot you, Yes, yes, hmmm
because you get to meet a lot of people.	Sure you do., Difficult question, this is
you sure do.	Exercise you of and day. every get lot a, Yes, hmmm
and you get a lot of exercise every day.	Truth. that's the, Yes, hmmm
that's the truth.	Lot play a dogs. you to and get of with, Yes, hmmm
and you get to play with a lot of dogs.	Supposed be well, working. you're to, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, you're supposed to be working.	Will but friendly always yes, i the dogs. pet, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, but i will always pet the friendly dogs.	The about dogs? unfriendly what, Difficult question, this is
what about the unfriendly dogs?	Dogs, if are to they to friendly think you. are you friendly i, Yes, hmmm
i think if you are friendly to dogs, they are friendly to you.	Like are all friendly. are them peoplenot of dogs, Difficult question, this is
i want to move to new york.	City? or the state the to, Yes, hmmm
to the state or the city?	Of city, course. the to, Difficult question, this is
to the city, of course.	There? move do to why want you, Yes, yes, hmmm
why do you want to move there?	Money. make of lot because i a to want, Yes, hmmm
because i want to make a lot of money.	There lot people of are poor new a york. in, Yes, hmmm
there are a lot of poor people in new york.	Areat there sure million. least a, Yes, hmmm
there sure areat least a million.	Become plan to rich? so how do you, Yes, yes, hmmm
so how do you plan to become rich?	Will the on i knock doors all of corporations. the, Difficult question, this is
i will knock on the doors of all the corporations.	That talk you nobody make won't to you. rich. will, Yes, hmmm
that won't make you rich. nobody will talk to you.	Doors. will knocking on i keep, Difficult question, this is
i will keep knocking on doors.	All sore is knuckles. get you will, Yes, hmmm
i love salads.	Too. me, Difficult question, this is
me too.	A salad. simple usually i eat, Yes, hmmm
i usually eat a simple salad.	Do put what it? you in, Yes, hmmm
what do you put in it?	Tomato, lettuce, just celery. and, Difficult question, this is
just lettuce, tomato, and celery.	That's it?, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's it?	I some pepper salt. add and, Difficult question, this is
i add some pepper and salt.	In my i put salads. always cheese, Difficult question, this is
i always put cheese in my salads.	Yes, nice. is cheese, Yes, hmmm
yes, cheese is nice.	Do you dressing use? of what kind, Yes, hmmm
what kind of dressing do you use?	On dressing pour of i top. french lots, Yes, hmmm
i pour lots of french dressing on top.	About me is so calories? too. dressing cares french delicious! who, Yes, yes, hmmm
i love cheese.	Too. me, Yes, hmmm
me too.	Does cheese from? come where, Yes, yes, hmmm
where does cheese come from?	Cows. comes it from, Yes, yes, hmmm
it comes from cows.	Get we cows, so too? we get and from cheese milk,, Yes, hmmm
so we get cheese from cows, and we get milk, too?	Do. we yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, we do.	Else get we do from cows? what, Difficult question, this is
what else do we get from cows?	We get and steak. hamburgers, Difficult question, this is
we get hamburgers and steak.	So delicious. oh, that's, Yes, hmmm
oh, that's so delicious.	Get we also leather., Difficult question, this is
we also get leather.	Lot from cows, things we? don't we get a of, Yes, hmmm
we get a lot of things from cows, don't we?	Cow best a friend. man's is yes., Yes, hmmm
i used to work in a deli.	Like did how it? you, Difficult question, this is
how did you like it?	It! loved i, Yes, hmmm
i loved it!	Did free food? you get, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you get free food?	Cheese and ate i day. free meat every, Yes, yes, hmmm
i ate free cheese and meat every day.	A great that job. sounds like, Yes, yes, hmmm
that sounds like a great job.	More whatever little customer a off for sliced i ordered, a me., Difficult question, this is
whatever a customer ordered, i sliced off a little more for me.	Did you fat? get, Difficult question, this is
did you get fat?	A put but i pounds. few no, on did, Yes, hmmm
no, but i did put on a few pounds.	Dream job. a like that sounds, Difficult question, this is
that sounds like a dream job.	One me. until caught my day it manager was,, Difficult question, this is
it was, until one day my manager caught me.	Cheese free more huh? for no you,, Difficult question, this is
i'm on a new diet.	What now? you eating are, Difficult question, this is
what are you eating now?	To potatoes. switched from pasta i, Yes, hmmm
i switched from pasta to potatoes.	Do why that? you did, Yes, hmmm
why did you do that?	Are potatoes food. is processed natural pasta food., Yes, yes, hmmm
pasta is processed food. potatoes are natural food.	Natural has more vitamins. food, Yes, hmmm
natural food has more vitamins.	As just easy it's and to prepare., Yes, yes, hmmm
and it's just as easy to prepare.	The prepare do you potatoes? how, Yes, yes, hmmm
how do you prepare the potatoes?	And steam them, for them wash then i minutes. 15, Yes, yes, hmmm
i wash them, and then steam them for 15 minutes.	Simple. that's pretty, Yes, hmmm
that's pretty simple.	And salt, pepper. add butter, then i, Difficult question, this is
then i add butter, salt, and pepper.	All i those can you sauce tomato cans for bought your of pasta? have, Yes, yes, hmmm
my girlfriend's mom got mad at me at the dinner table.	That? why was, Difficult question, this is
why was that?	On salt pepper and sprinkled the i i tasted before food it., Yes, yes, hmmm
i sprinkled salt and pepper on the food before i tasted it.	What's matter the that? with, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's the matter with that?	Is cook. her mom great a, Yes, yes, hmmm
her mom is a great cook.	Anything. pepper a so, and never salt hurt little, Yes, yes, hmmm
so, a little salt and pepper never hurt anything.	Hurt her feelings. it, Difficult question, this is
it hurt her feelings.	Oh., Difficult question, this is
oh.	Could but to apologized upset. her, tell was i still she i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i apologized to her, but i could tell she was still upset.	You shouldn't again. there maybe eat, Difficult question, this is
maybe you shouldn't eat there again.	Sure everything day two. will i'm be a okay or in, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm sure everything will be okay in a day or two.	You. fault. girlfriend's have it's she should warned your, Yes, yes, hmmm
i eat the same thing every day.	You're kidding., Difficult question, this is
you're kidding.	Serious. no, i'm, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, i'm serious.	That doesn't get old?, Difficult question, this is
doesn't that get old?	Because food no, eating like. i i'm that, Difficult question, this is
no, because i'm eating food that i like.	Day the thing old. but gets same day after, Yes, hmmm
but the same thing day after day gets old.	Old, get to something it ever if well, i'll guess change i different. does, Difficult question, this is
well, i guess if it ever does get old, i'll change to something different.	Vegetables fruits day? eat you every do and, Difficult question, this is
do you eat fruits and vegetables every day?	Vegetables. i no, hate, Difficult question, this is
no, i hate vegetables.	You eat but fruits., Yes, hmmm
but you eat fruits.	Apples, orange eat two every one i and banana, day. one, Yes, yes, hmmm
i eat two apples, one banana, and one orange every day.	Nothing wrong that. well, with there's, Yes, hmmm
there's something wrong with my orange.	What's wrong?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's wrong?	Not orange! it's, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's not orange!	Your orange? orange isn't, Yes, yes, hmmm
your orange isn't orange?	It's no, dark pink!, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, it's dark pink!	A you heard are such i never thing. of sure?, Yes, hmmm
are you sure? i never heard of such a thing.	Looking peeled now. i it just i'm at and right it,, Yes, yes, hmmm
i just peeled it, and i'm looking at it right now.	Let your is see. orange pink. you're me yes, right., Yes, hmmm
let me see. yes, you're right. your orange is pink.	Of heard such ever thing? who a, Yes, hmmm
who ever heard of such a thing?	Was the here's navel. called pink look. on it's sticker a oh, it. little that, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, look. here's the little sticker that was on it. it's called a pink navel.	Is this what to? world coming, Difficult question, this is
what is this world coming to?	Knows? maybe who bananas. pink have we'll soon, Difficult question, this is
i love peanuts.	Roasted too. i salted. them love and me,, Difficult question, this is
me, too. i love them roasted and salted.	Love boiled peanuts. i, Difficult question, this is
i love boiled peanuts.	Boiled? never i heard of that., Yes, yes, hmmm
boiled? i never heard of that.	Boil peanuts water in shells until are salt just soft. the raw, Difficult question, this is
just boil raw peanuts in salt water until the shells are soft.	I'll have sometime. try to them, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll have to try them sometime.	Hot. best they're they're when, Yes, hmmm
they're best when they're hot.	To is allergic my peanuts. brother, Yes, hmmm
my brother is allergic to peanuts.	That's not good., Difficult question, this is
that's not good.	No, when little. he was it he almost died isn't., Difficult question, this is
no, it isn't. he almost died when he was little.	Has to be i what eats. he careful he guess about very, Yes, hmmm
i guess he has to be very careful about what he eats.	He strict has diet. very a, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'm gaining weight.	Gained? much how you have, Yes, yes, hmmm
how much have you gained?	Three this pounds month. just, Yes, yes, hmmm
three pounds just this month.	Why? do you know, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you know why?	Think the i ice cream. it's, Difficult question, this is
i think it's the ice cream.	You ice cream? eating started, Yes, hmmm
you started eating ice cream?	It was on sale., Yes, hmmm
it was on sale.	Much you buy? how did, Yes, hmmm
how much did you buy?	My i freezer filled cream. ice with up, Yes, hmmm
i filled up my freezer with ice cream.	Well, it last won't forever., Yes, yes, hmmm
well, it won't last forever.	Next finish no, week. by i'll figure all it i, Difficult question, this is
no, i figure i'll finish it all by next week.	Can then if start losing there you isn't sale. another weight,, Difficult question, this is
i'm stuffed.	Table. on course of you everything are. you the ate, Yes, yes, hmmm
of course you are. you ate everything on the table.	I eat don't to leftovers. like, Difficult question, this is
i don't like to eat leftovers.	I'm hear eat. you to don't something glad like there's to, Yes, hmmm
i'm glad to hear there's something you don't like to eat.	I fresh. hot like my food and, Yes, yes, hmmm
i like my food hot and fresh.	See you to disappear. it like, Yes, yes, hmmm
you like to see it disappear.	It like don't reheated. i, Difficult question, this is
i don't like it reheated.	Have food you'll fresh night. hot tomorrow well,, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, you'll have hot fresh food tomorrow night.	Burst. i'm full going so i'm to, Yes, hmmm
i'm so full i'm going to burst.	Your should belt. you loosen, Yes, hmmm
you should loosen your belt.	Pants. and unbuttoned my loosened i belt already my, Yes, hmmm
i already loosened my belt and unbuttoned my pants.	Up, stand please. well, don't, Yes, hmmm
i saw what you did.	Didn't i do anything., Yes, yes, hmmm
i didn't do anything.	You did. oh yes,, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh yes, you did.	About? are what you talking, Yes, hmmm
what are you talking about?	What i'm about. you talking know, Yes, yes, hmmm
you know what i'm talking about.	I idea. any have don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't have any idea.	Know you what you did., Difficult question, this is
you know what you did.	Know, maybe know? how but you i could, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe i know, but how could you know?	You. i because watching was, Yes, hmmm
because i was watching you.	It. sorry i i'm okay, did, Yes, yes, hmmm
okay, i'm sorry i did it.	The don't a milk out of carton. use drink glass!, Difficult question, this is
don't drink milk out of the carton. use a glass!	Drink out the of i'll promise carton again. never i, Yes, hmmm
i like that shirt.	Do so i., Yes, hmmm
so do i.	Much is how it?, Yes, hmmm
how much is it?	I is know. missing. don't the tag, Yes, hmmm
i don't know. the tag is missing.	Ask clerk. the, Yes, hmmm
ask the clerk.	Will. i, Yes, hmmm
i will.	Look. just another like it. here's oh, shirt, Yes, hmmm
oh, look. here's another shirt just like it.	A price does tag? have it, Difficult question, this is
does it have a price tag?	Only it's yes, it does. $20., Difficult question, this is
yes, it does. it's only $20.	A that's great price., Difficult question, this is
that's a great price.	Buy i both them. think i'll of, Yes, hmmm
i think i'll buy both of them.	On you'd them first. try better, Yes, yes, hmmm
i bought you a pair of pants.	You. thank, Yes, yes, hmmm
thank you.	They i fit. hope, Difficult question, this is
i hope they fit.	You kept i receipt. the hope, Yes, hmmm
i hope you kept the receipt.	You they won't fit? think, Yes, yes, hmmm
you think they won't fit?	Put think on weight. i some i've, Yes, hmmm
i think i've put on some weight.	Think? you, Yes, yes, hmmm
you think?	Pound two. or a maybe, Yes, hmmm
maybe a pound or two.	Five maybe or four pounds?, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe four or five pounds?	Was. waist it my than bigger is, Yes, hmmm
my waist is bigger than it was.	Pants have no problem. an these elastic waistband., Difficult question, this is
no problem. these pants have an elastic waistband.	Smart! you so are, Yes, hmmm
what do we need to buy?	Look list. at our me let, Difficult question, this is
let me look at our list.	That i milk. we need know, Difficult question, this is
i know that we need milk.	Nonfat., Difficult question, this is
nonfat.	What course. else? of, Yes, hmmm
of course. what else?	Bread, ham. we need cheese, and, Difficult question, this is
we need cheese, bread, and ham.	Cheese? what kind of, Yes, hmmm
what kind of cheese?	Swiss., Yes, yes, hmmm
swiss.	With course, cheese holes the of in it., Yes, yes, hmmm
of course, the cheese with holes in it.	Cheese. used to i swiss buy never, Difficult question, this is
i never used to buy swiss cheese.	Why not?, Yes, hmmm
why not?	For i didn't holes. to the pay want, Difficult question, this is
i need some pants.	Pair. you just i bought thought a, Yes, yes, hmmm
i thought you just bought a pair.	I did., Yes, hmmm
i did.	What's so soon? with them wrong, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's wrong with them so soon?	Has fine, huge the the in pocket it. hole a pants but are, Yes, hmmm
the pants are fine, but the pocket has a huge hole in it.	In shouldn't you carry keys pens your and pocket. your, Difficult question, this is
you shouldn't carry your keys and pens in your pocket.	But for. what pockets that's are, Yes, hmmm
but that's what pockets are for.	A purse. in them carry you should, Yes, hmmm
you should carry them in a purse.	Carry man, a and i'm purses! don't men, Yes, hmmm
i'm a man, and men don't carry purses!	Should pockets. well, pants stronger you buy with, Difficult question, this is
well, you should buy pants with stronger pockets.	Find if strong i would makes who someone i could pockets., Yes, hmmm
i would if i could find someone who makes strong pockets.	Try google a search online., Difficult question, this is
what are those wipes for?	Handle wipe use them to the you the cart. shopping of, Yes, hmmm
you use them to wipe the handle of the shopping cart.	Great a idea. that's, Yes, hmmm
that's a great idea.	Markets shoppers. yes, wipes all offering to just started the, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, all the markets just started offering wipes to shoppers.	Five take wipes. to going i'm, Difficult question, this is
i'm going to take five wipes.	Of for? do you what five them need, Difficult question, this is
what do you need five of them for?	To produce. the to and handle, wipe the one others wipe the, Yes, hmmm
one to wipe the handle, and the others to wipe the produce.	The with the what's matter produce?, Difficult question, this is
what's the matter with the produce?	Do sky? think the bananas the fell from you, Yes, hmmm
do you think the bananas fell from the sky?	You what do mean?, Yes, yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	To the mean, oranges. and the bananas, their hands dirty the pick used someone i apples,, Yes, yes, hmmm
i mean, someone used their dirty hands to pick the bananas, the apples, and the oranges.	You're going dirty the with. for better pay to well, wipe dollar a save you bills, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you go to the 99 cents store?	Yes, i did., Difficult question, this is
yes, i did.	Did you buy? what, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did you buy?	Deals, a well, of got as i good lot usual., Yes, hmmm
well, i got a lot of good deals, as usual.	What? like, Yes, yes, hmmm
like what?	A well, eggs dozen cents. were 99 only large, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, a dozen large eggs were only 99 cents.	Good that's deal. a, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a good deal.	And the a tub butter one-pound of price. was soft same, Difficult question, this is
and a one-pound tub of soft butter was the same price.	Deal. another good, Yes, yes, hmmm
another good deal.	99 the cents. was best of potatoes pounds deal five but for, Difficult question, this is
but the best deal was five pounds of potatoes for 99 cents.	Store know money. i that how don't makes, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't know how that store makes money.	Something right. they're but neither doing i, do, Yes, hmmm
i need a new computer.	Yours? what's the with matter, Yes, hmmm
what's the matter with yours?	Old. it's years six, Yes, hmmm
it's six years old.	Pretty old. that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's pretty old.	Works, charity. it it i'm to to going but still a give, Difficult question, this is
it still works, but i'm going to give it to a charity.	You or desktop to laptop? buy going are a, Yes, hmmm
are you going to buy a desktop or laptop?	Course. of laptop, oh, a, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, a laptop, of course.	Mac? pc a or a, Yes, yes, hmmm
a pc or a mac?	Haven't i yet. decided, Yes, hmmm
i haven't decided yet.	Macs. are more people more using and, Difficult question, this is
more and more people are using macs.	Pcs. uses percent 90 of but the world, Difficult question, this is
but 90 percent of the world uses pcs.	And soon. that's to change going not anytime, Yes, yes, hmmm
i got ripped off.	Happened? what, Difficult question, this is
what happened?	I i problem, car went a so online. had, Yes, yes, hmmm
i had a car problem, so i went online.	Find a did you solution?, Yes, hmmm
did you find a solution?	Me solution. went i the yes, a said did. to send i would site they, Difficult question, this is
yes, i did. a site i went to said they would send me the solution.	What's so, the problem?, Yes, yes, hmmm
so, what's the problem?	Me them sent $20 credit i the using but card, my they never solution. sent, Yes, hmmm
i sent them $20 using my credit card, but they never sent me the solution.	What going to you are do?, Difficult question, this is
what are you going to do?	Sent my an asking back. money them i for email, Difficult question, this is
i sent them an email asking for my money back.	Heard them? have you from, Difficult question, this is
have you heard from them?	A week. not it's been yet., Difficult question, this is
not yet. it's been a week.	That's guess $20 well, you. for a i lesson, Difficult question, this is
where's the pencil sharpener?	Which one?, Difficult question, this is
which one?	One. any sharpen this to need i pencil., Difficult question, this is
any one. i need to sharpen this pencil.	On there's i table. one the dining think room, Yes, yes, hmmm
i think there's one on the dining room table.	Already i looked there., Yes, hmmm
i already looked there.	You did desk drawer? look in the, Difficult question, this is
did you look in the desk drawer?	Looked too. yes, there, i, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, i looked there, too.	Sharpeners? five have we don't about, Difficult question, this is
don't we have about five sharpeners?	They yes, seem but to have legs., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, but they seem to have legs.	Going to i'm electric tomorrow an buy sharpener., Difficult question, this is
tomorrow i'm going to buy an electric sharpener.	Cups suction with rubber the the on one get bottom., Yes, yes, hmmm
get one with the rubber suction cups on the bottom.	That stay where it will way it. put i yes., Yes, hmmm
i'm trying to stretch my dollars.	Doing how are you that?, Yes, yes, hmmm
how are you doing that?	Dollar store. started the i at shopping, Difficult question, this is
i started shopping at the dollar store.	Money. saves of lot a that, Difficult question, this is
that saves a lot of money.	I for three of bought a potatoes pounds dollar., Yes, hmmm
i bought three pounds of potatoes for a dollar.	A that's good deal., Difficult question, this is
that's a good deal.	Had potatoes of yes, eyes. even the though some, Yes, hmmm
yes, even though some of the potatoes had eyes.	Put them in just the fridge., Difficult question, this is
just put them in the fridge.	Cheap also, can i bag good of coffee. a and a of bought coffee, Yes, hmmm
also, i bought a can of cheap coffee and a bag of good coffee.	You why do that? did, Yes, hmmm
why did you do that?	Mixed i together. them, Difficult question, this is
i mixed them together.	That's the okay, coffee if a idea. still tastes good, Yes, hmmm
i really like this house.	We can afford it?, Yes, hmmm
can we afford it?	20 percent they down. want, Yes, yes, hmmm
they want 20 percent down.	A that's money. of lot, Difficult question, this is
that's a lot of money.	Nice. house is so the but, Yes, yes, hmmm
but the house is so nice.	Great a neighborhood. it's in, Yes, yes, hmmm
it's in a great neighborhood.	Close to beach. the it's, Difficult question, this is
it's close to the beach.	The freeways. it's to close, Difficult question, this is
it's close to the freeways.	Big yard. got it's a, Difficult question, this is
it's got a big yard.	Kids the love house, the too., Yes, yes, hmmm
the kids love the house, too.	Don't it, someone if else will. we buy, Yes, hmmm
if we don't buy it, someone else will.	Right. it let's we now. buy worry later. can you're, Difficult question, this is
we can't afford this house.	Sure? you are, Difficult question, this is
are you sure?	Rich, cash we poor. house but be will, Difficult question, this is
we will be house rich, but cash poor.	Mean? you do what, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	High. be too payments will our monthly, Difficult question, this is
our monthly payments will be too high.	Other have things? money won't any for we, Difficult question, this is
we won't have any money for other things?	Have we food. won't for no, money or gas, Difficult question, this is
no, we won't have money for gas or food.	Butter peanut be eating we'll sandwiches?, Yes, yes, hmmm
we'll be eating peanut butter sandwiches?	The without butter! peanut, Difficult question, this is
without the peanut butter!	That's good! no, Yes, hmmm
that's no good!	Find a we have cheaper house. to, Difficult question, this is
we have to find a cheaper house.	Live gas without can't course. or butter. of we peanut, Difficult question, this is
that is a beautiful house.	It. like don't i, Difficult question, this is
i don't like it.	What's the it? with matter, Difficult question, this is
what's the matter with it?	On it's corner. the, Difficult question, this is
it's on the corner.	So?, Difficult question, this is
so?	Much traffic. as it twice that means gets, Difficult question, this is
that means it gets twice as much traffic.	Right. you're, Yes, hmmm
you're right.	Stopping the always intersection. hear at when will cars inside, and you you're stopping, Yes, hmmm
when you're inside, you will always hear cars stopping and stopping at the intersection.	Or someone stop. collision doesn't hear if you'll the, Yes, hmmm
or you'll hear the collision if someone doesn't stop.	The collision see crash the or you'll they into house. if, Difficult question, this is
or you'll see the collision if they crash into the house.	Let's dead of a end a the find at that's end. house, Yes, hmmm
let's find a house that's at the end of a dead end.	Traffic, the less perfect. better. the that's, Difficult question, this is
i hate looking for an apartment.	Me, too., Yes, hmmm
me, too.	See have on o'clock the we a main appointment 2 street. to one, Yes, yes, hmmm
we have a 2 o'clock appointment to see the one on main street.	Ready to we'd better go. get, Yes, hmmm
we'd better get ready to go.	Upstairs an it's unit., Yes, yes, hmmm
it's an upstairs unit.	Don't good, with that's want to loud people under live because feet. i, Yes, hmmm
that's good, because i don't want to live under people with loud feet.	And corner a unit. it's, Yes, hmmm
and it's a corner unit.	On great. us. we of both sides have won't neighbors that's, Yes, hmmm
that's great. we won't have neighbors on both sides of us.	Allowed. no are pets, Yes, yes, hmmm
no pets are allowed.	Perfect. to have listen barking dogs. to don't we, Difficult question, this is
perfect. we don't have to listen to barking dogs.	In units whole the are building. only and six there, Yes, yes, hmmm
and there are only six units in the whole building.	To checkbook? it even where's the it. ready i'm without seeing rent, Yes, hmmm
did you call the manager?	Over come he said yes. tomorrow. he'd, Yes, hmmm
yes. he said he'd come over tomorrow.	He what time? did say, Difficult question, this is
did he say what time?	9 o'clock. he'd here at yes. said he be, Difficult question, this is
yes. he said he'd be here at 9 o'clock.	The he problem did what is? understand, Yes, yes, hmmm
did he understand what the problem is?	Work. him doesn't told our i doorbell yes., Difficult question, this is
yes. i told him our doorbell doesn't work.	To fix shouldn't it take him long it., Yes, hmmm
it shouldn't take him long to fix it.	It. i need we why don't fix to even know, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't even know why we need to fix it.	Have we in case visitors., Yes, yes, hmmm
in case we have visitors.	The knock they can on just but door., Difficult question, this is
but they can just knock on the door.	Actually, our to look i him want too. at carpet,, Difficult question, this is
actually, i want him to look at our carpet, too.	Nice a new it he'd give would carpet. if yes, us be, Yes, hmmm
do you like this house?	Yes, it's beautiful., Yes, hmmm
yes, it's beautiful.	It's and kids. us perfect the for, Yes, hmmm
it's perfect for us and the kids.	Big back bathrooms, yard. three a three bedrooms, and, Yes, hmmm
three bedrooms, three bathrooms, and a big back yard.	Can and it! we afford, Yes, hmmm
and we can afford it!	Are going buy to so we it?, Difficult question, this is
so are we going to buy it?	Afraid i'm not., Difficult question, this is
i'm afraid not.	It's it? far your too job, isn't from, Yes, hmmm
it's too far from your job, isn't it?	Hours four day. i the every on road can't spend, Yes, yes, hmmm
i can't spend four hours on the road every day.	You'll the to even get eat. too be tired time by home, you, Yes, yes, hmmm
by the time you get home, you'll be too tired to even eat.	With be able i to kids. the won't play, Difficult question, this is
i won't be able to play with the kids.	Job. have find closer we to your no, something to, Yes, hmmm
boy, it's chilly outside, isn't it?	Sure is. it, Yes, yes, hmmm
it sure is.	The fact, it's in chilly apartment, in too., Yes, yes, hmmm
in fact, it's chilly in the apartment, too.	The let's on heat. turn, Yes, yes, hmmm
let's turn on the heat.	Are the check to sure shut. all that i'll make windows, Yes, hmmm
i'll check to make sure that all the windows are shut.	In a minutes. it be warmer should few, Yes, yes, hmmm
it should be warmer in a few minutes.	A heated have apartment. so nice to it's, Difficult question, this is
it's so nice to have a heated apartment.	Old survive they did in the days? how, Yes, hmmm
how did they survive in the old days?	They had fireplaces., Yes, yes, hmmm
they had fireplaces.	Wood. to had chop the someone, Difficult question, this is
someone had to chop the wood.	And it into the house. carry, Difficult question, this is
and carry it into the house.	We switch. to flip have a do is all, Yes, yes, hmmm
this is a nice neighborhood.	The quiet. clean and streets are, Yes, hmmm
the streets are clean and quiet.	Neighbors the the weekends. don't party on, Yes, hmmm
the neighbors don't party on the weekends.	Care their take lawns. people of, Yes, hmmm
people take care of their lawns.	In the front old cars yards. rusty are no sitting, Yes, hmmm
no rusty old cars are sitting in the front yards.	To the never about call have anything. police we, Difficult question, this is
we never have to call the police about anything.	Safe. kids our are completely, Difficult question, this is
our kids are completely safe.	House? so our are why we selling, Yes, hmmm
so why are we selling our house?	The 3-story building on corner. a building they're apartment, Yes, yes, hmmm
they're building a 3-story apartment building on the corner.	Property we've sell to so before values down? go got, Yes, yes, hmmm
so we've got to sell before property values go down?	Still our building. council believe can't i this allowed yes. city, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. i still can't believe our city council allowed this building.	Under the table. probably they're something getting, Yes, yes, hmmm
that was a huge fire in santa barbara.	It yes, was., Yes, hmmm
yes, it was.	30 the houses burned said they about to ground., Yes, yes, hmmm
they said about 30 houses burned to the ground.	Expensive houses. were they and, Difficult question, this is
and they were expensive houses.	For those so feel people. sorry i, Yes, hmmm
i feel so sorry for those people.	Sorry why feel people? for rich, Difficult question, this is
why feel sorry for rich people?	Home. anyone feel for i their sorry who loses, Yes, yes, hmmm
i feel sorry for anyone who loses their home.	Rich. they're if but not i, do so, Difficult question, this is
so do i, but not if they're rich.	That with have what it? to does do, Yes, hmmm
what does that have to do with it?	Than they're rich us. people think better, Difficult question, this is
rich people think they're better than us.	Do how people you rich know? many, Difficult question, this is
how many rich people do you know?	None., Yes, hmmm
bears are invading our neighborhoods.	Are. they starving death. of to they're course, Difficult question, this is
of course they are. they're starving to death.	Belong. the where they in woods they should stay, Yes, yes, hmmm
they should stay in the woods where they belong.	In food there's no woods. the, Yes, hmmm
there's no food in the woods.	Grass? can't they eat, Yes, hmmm
can't they eat grass?	Bear a cow? do think you a is, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you think a bear is a cow?	Well, seen eating i've berries. them, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, i've seen them eating berries.	Aren't berries year round. season all in, Yes, yes, hmmm
berries aren't in season all year round.	And kids it's for pets. dangerous too, Yes, hmmm
it's too dangerous for kids and pets.	Cans. people to need trash their cover, Difficult question, this is
people need to cover their trash cans.	Bears. the all the shoot to need police, Difficult question, this is
the police need to shoot all the bears.	You it. solve shooting don't a problem by, Difficult question, this is
who did you vote for?	Obama. for voted i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i voted for obama.	Me too., Difficult question, this is
me too.	He a be president. great will, Difficult question, this is
he will be a great president.	Him. likes everyone, Yes, yes, hmmm
everyone likes him.	Speaker. a good he's, Difficult question, this is
he's a good speaker.	He's and really smart., Difficult question, this is
and he's really smart.	Problems. solve will our he, Yes, yes, hmmm
he will solve our problems.	War. will he end the, Difficult question, this is
he will end the war.	Four years. good years will be the next, Difficult question, this is
the next four years will be good years.	I'll too. for vote next him time,, Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll vote for him next time, too.	I will. everyone think, Difficult question, this is
the election is next week.	For? voting who are you, Yes, yes, hmmm
who are you voting for?	I'm not mayor. voting for the, Difficult question, this is
i'm not voting for the mayor.	Why not?, Yes, yes, hmmm
why not?	That he keep. promises he made didn't, Difficult question, this is
he made promises that he didn't keep.	Like what?, Yes, hmmm
like what?	Police more to hire officers. 1,000 promised he, Difficult question, this is
he promised to hire 1,000 more police officers.	How did hire? he many, Difficult question, this is
how many did he hire?	Hundred! one, Yes, hmmm
one hundred!	Maybe reason. had a he good, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe he had a good reason.	Maybe a just liar. he's, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe he's just a liar.	For too. someone else, vote maybe i'll, Yes, yes, hmmm
i can't believe he won the election.	15 of turned voters out. only the percent, Difficult question, this is
only 15 percent of the voters turned out.	Is that a joke., Yes, hmmm
that is a joke.	Bother. is but voting don't so important, people, Yes, yes, hmmm
voting is so important, but people don't bother.	Many their doesn't vote matter. people think, Yes, yes, hmmm
many people think their vote doesn't matter.	Only by won the votes. 2,000 mayor, Difficult question, this is
the mayor won by only 2,000 votes.	Stuck years. we're him for four more with, Yes, yes, hmmm
we're stuck with him for four more years.	Is can you even voting in. easy. mail your so ballot, Yes, hmmm
voting is so easy. you can even mail your ballot in.	Stamp on vote and it. a to you do all have is put, Yes, hmmm
all you have to do is vote and put a stamp on it.	That? how easy is, Yes, hmmm
how easy is that?	Care. i people just don't guess, Yes, hmmm
i guess people just don't care.	Taxes their when go up. they they'll care see, Difficult question, this is
well, we have a new president.	Problems. have but the same we old, Yes, yes, hmmm
but we have the same old problems.	Few a changes. well, made he's, Yes, hmmm
well, he's made a few changes.	Like what?, Difficult question, this is
like what?	Bowling the think the he white in house. alley i closed, Yes, hmmm
i think he closed the bowling alley in the white house.	It to changing yeah. a he's oh, court. basketball, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, yeah. he's changing it to a basketball court.	Who's that? for paying, Yes, hmmm
who's paying for that?	Are! i we think, Difficult question, this is
i think we are!	Relax long it as okay, clearly. think as helps him well, and more that's, Difficult question, this is
well, that's okay, as long as it helps him relax and think more clearly.	President a who clearly. need we thinks relaxed yes,, Difficult question, this is
yes, we need a relaxed president who thinks clearly.	A basketball do have leaders other any world court?, Yes, yes, hmmm
do any other world leaders have a basketball court?	Leads america know you always the will. they way., Difficult question, this is
people say that everybody loves obama.	50 million voted mccain. well, people for than more, Yes, yes, hmmm
well, more than 50 million people voted for mccain.	Obama. don't who love people 50 that's million, Difficult question, this is
that's 50 million people who don't love obama.	Got four to make years obama's happy. everyone, Difficult question, this is
obama's got four years to make everyone happy.	Everyone happy. he's to never going make, Yes, yes, hmmm
he's never going to make everyone happy.	President? imagine you can being, Yes, yes, hmmm
can you imagine being president?	Everyone solve you wants problems. to their, Difficult question, this is
everyone wants you to solve their problems.	To problems. have trying stress own i my enough solve from, Yes, hmmm
i have enough stress from trying to solve my own problems.	Everybody else. you and, Yes, hmmm
you and everybody else.	I to be would want never president., Yes, hmmm
i would never want to be president.	Think about you'd have. the all but power, Difficult question, this is
but think about all the power you'd have.	Prefer all i power life world. quiet the the my to in little, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you read this article?	Article? what, Yes, hmmm
what article?	Of says his duties. percent spends 11 on the time it mayor city only, Yes, hmmm
it says the mayor spends only 11 percent of his time on city duties.	Only 11 percent?, Yes, yes, hmmm
only 11 percent?	50 the percent he's of traveling. about time, Yes, yes, hmmm
about 50 percent of the time he's traveling.	To? does where travel he, Yes, hmmm
where does he travel to?	World. oh, over all the, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, all over the world.	A better to making but place. be he's city our supposed, Difficult question, this is
but he's supposed to be making our city a better place.	To ideas. cities he's visiting other get, Yes, hmmm
he's visiting other cities to get ideas.	Can't just online? he go, Difficult question, this is
can't he just go online?	Time of reelection. the he's his rest raising the for money, Difficult question, this is
the rest of the time he's raising money for his reelection.	Get reelected once never well, news he'll out. gets this, Difficult question, this is
who did you vote for for president?	Voted nader. ralph i for, Yes, hmmm
i voted for ralph nader.	The world in is nader? who ralph, Yes, hmmm
who in the world is ralph nader?	He's man for the president. best, Yes, hmmm
he's the best man for president.	That? why's, Yes, hmmm
why's that?	Corporations. he hates, Yes, hmmm
he hates corporations.	Only think about corporations do money. well, most, Yes, hmmm
well, most corporations do think only about money.	Republicans. hates and democrats he, Yes, yes, hmmm
he hates democrats and republicans.	Their before they party well, put their do country., Yes, hmmm
well, they do put their party before their country.	He's i candidate the that trust. only, Yes, hmmm
he's the only candidate that i trust.	Voted didn't for him! have but he nobody chance. a, Yes, hmmm
but he didn't have a chance. nobody voted for him!	Voters later, wake or will up. sooner, Difficult question, this is
i don't know why i bother to vote.	Why's that?, Yes, yes, hmmm
why's that?	What it do? good does, Yes, hmmm
what good does it do?	In you to put like. that power you someone get, Yes, yes, hmmm
you get to put someone in power that you like.	My wins. only if candidate, Yes, yes, hmmm
only if my candidate wins.	Others he vote and well, can't you unless win for him., Yes, hmmm
well, he can't win unless you and others vote for him.	My but if he'll even promises. his candidate wins, break, Yes, yes, hmmm
but even if my candidate wins, he'll break his promises.	Anything promise elected. get so they just that's they true., Difficult question, this is
that's true. they promise anything just so they get elected.	And their go they when elected, way. own, Yes, yes, hmmm
and when elected, they go their own way.	Put them they forget who power. in, Yes, yes, hmmm
they forget who put them in power.	Forget where from. they they came, Difficult question, this is
they forget where they came from.	For maybe you run office. should, Yes, yes, hmmm
that election for u.s. senator stunk.	You do what mean?, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	Than votes more voters! were there, Yes, yes, hmmm
there were more votes than voters!	That's impossible. but, Yes, hmmm
but that's impossible.	Possible. that it's officials said, Difficult question, this is
officials said that it's possible.	How possible? explain did it's they, Yes, yes, hmmm
did they explain how it's possible?	Are you there things some they can't explain. said no., Yes, hmmm
no. they said there are some things you can't explain.	Going another so they are election? hold to, Difficult question, this is
so are they going to hold another election?	Cost that will too much money. no., Difficult question, this is
no. that will cost too much money.	It's to than better money save an honest to have so election?, Yes, hmmm
so it's better to save money than to have an honest election?	Election. party well, honest democratic the it says was an, Yes, hmmm
well, the democratic party says it was an honest election.	Of man course say thattheir won! they, Difficult question, this is
i see that former president bush is at a conference.	Jokes yes. his president. years he's telling as about eight, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. he's telling jokes about his eight years as president.	Of those everyone. for fun were eight lot yes, years a, Difficult question, this is
yes, those eight years were a lot of fun for everyone.	Were soldiers only overseas. killed 4,000 american, Difficult question, this is
only 4,000 american soldiers were killed overseas.	Soldiers. not mention wounded to 40,000, Difficult question, this is
not to mention 40,000 wounded soldiers.	Once. them in of bush hospital the but some visited, Difficult question, this is
but bush visited some of them in the hospital once.	He that's the that nice time found make a to visit., Difficult question, this is
that's nice that he found the time to make a visit.	Spoke made and to them he them feel better., Yes, yes, hmmm
he spoke to them and made them feel better.	Family every did a that to he speak soldier? lost, Yes, yes, hmmm
did he speak to every family that lost a soldier?	That. didn't time he have to no, do, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, he didn't have time to do that.	Of well, plenty got time now! he's, Difficult question, this is
well, he's got plenty of time now!	It to writing too was he's no, president. hard about busy a how book be, Yes, yes, hmmm
did you get your official sample ballot?	With yes, instructions. voter the, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, with the voter instructions.	Going how vote? to are you, Yes, hmmm
how are you going to vote?	Mail. a as all costs me by is stamp. it 42-cent ever, same, Difficult question, this is
same as ever, by mail. all it costs me is a 42-cent stamp.	Taxes? you vote or to are going meant, the new i against for, Difficult question, this is
i meant, are you going to vote for or against the new taxes?	Them, against of course. all of, Difficult question, this is
against all of them, of course.	We highways, need schools, pay for and but new prisons. taxes to, Yes, hmmm
but we need new taxes to pay for highways, schools, and prisons.	Already for we've to stuff! new taxes pay all for that voted, Yes, yes, hmmm
we've already voted for new taxes to pay for all that stuff!	Where go? money true. that's that did, Difficult question, this is
that's true. where did that money go?	The travel it world. spent legislators over first-class our all on, Yes, hmmm
our legislators spent it on first-class travel all over the world.	Having a time good are money. they with our, Yes, yes, hmmm
they are having a good time with our money.	Stop we are giving to so going them more? when, Yes, hmmm
have you decided how you are going to vote?	You measures 3? 1, mean do on 2, and, Yes, yes, hmmm
do you mean on measures 1, 2, and 3?	That yes. ones roads, our and hospitals. improve will schools, the, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. the ones that will improve our schools, roads, and hospitals.	The you will taxes. that our mean raise measures, Difficult question, this is
you mean the measures that will raise our taxes.	The our will but taxes tv that say ads increase. not, Difficult question, this is
but the tv ads say that our taxes will not increase.	Tv do you the ads? believe, Yes, hmmm
do you believe the tv ads?	Yes. vote fireman us like should why where the the i one we tells, Difficult question, this is
i like the one where the fireman tells us why we should vote yes.	Is him! true. tv believe opposite don't you, the ads tell whatever the, Difficult question, this is
don't believe him! whatever the tv ads tell you, the opposite is true.	At "better schools but no the 1 is measure title cost." of, Difficult question, this is
but the title of measure 1 is "better schools at no cost."	Huge be cost." the at title should "better schools, Difficult question, this is
the title should be "better schools at huge cost."	That would believe us. i can't they lie to, Difficult question, this is
i can't believe that they would lie to us.	Course liethat's they of politicians do! what, Yes, yes, hmmm
i have a stomachache.	It ate? you is something, Yes, hmmm
is it something you ate?	I'm not sure. maybe., Difficult question, this is
maybe. i'm not sure.	You what breakfast? for have did, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did you have for breakfast?	Banana. the cereal and with a milk usual,, Yes, yes, hmmm
the usual, cereal with milk and a banana.	Milk was maybe bad. the, Yes, hmmm
maybe the milk was bad.	Didn't bad. it smell, Yes, yes, hmmm
it didn't smell bad.	Maybe bad. was banana the, Yes, hmmm
maybe the banana was bad.	Was banana the no, delicious., Yes, yes, hmmm
no, the banana was delicious.	Go need maybe just bathroom. to the to you, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe you just need to go to the bathroom.	The no, problem. not that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, that's not the problem.	Will go a it in while. maybe little away, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's this stain?	I know. don't, Yes, hmmm
i don't know.	Looks like it blood., Yes, hmmm
it looks like blood.	Nose my was i bleeding. think, Yes, hmmm
i think my nose was bleeding.	Your you shirt should wet immediately., Difficult question, this is
you should wet your shirt immediately.	Why?, Yes, yes, hmmm
why?	Shirt. blood the gets that the because out of, Yes, yes, hmmm
because that gets the blood out of the shirt.	Blood? little a what's, Difficult question, this is
what's a little blood?	Is shirt your ruined. white, Difficult question, this is
your white shirt is ruined.	So, just another buy i'll one., Yes, hmmm
so, i'll just buy another one.	The one you around wear house. this can, Yes, yes, hmmm
you can wear this one around the house.	I'll time immediately. it next soak, Yes, yes, hmmm
my fingers hurt.	They hurt? why do, Difficult question, this is
why do they hurt?	Much. type i too, Yes, hmmm
i type too much.	Break. you should a take, Yes, hmmm
you should take a break.	To money. to type make i need, Difficult question, this is
i need to type to make money.	You causing typing pain. is but, Difficult question, this is
but typing is causing you pain.	A i see doctor. should maybe, Yes, hmmm
maybe i should see a doctor.	Expensive. doctors are too, Yes, hmmm
doctors are too expensive.	For while. a rest tell he might me to, Yes, yes, hmmm
he might tell me to rest for a while.	To cut open. might he want you, Difficult question, this is
he might want to cut you open.	Okay. i'm might he say, Yes, yes, hmmm
he might say i'm okay.	He have you say cancer. bone might, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did the doctor say?	I much have too thinks stress. he, Yes, hmmm
he thinks i have too much stress.	Your stress causes stomachaches?, Difficult question, this is
stress causes your stomachaches?	With people. stress different causes different problems, Yes, yes, hmmm
stress causes different problems with different people.	You did do? tell what he so to, Difficult question, this is
so what did he tell you to do?	I said to he need positive. think, Yes, yes, hmmm
he said i need to think positive.	Medication? give any didn't you he, Yes, yes, hmmm
he didn't give you any medication?	Medication. makes me feel different. i it hate, Yes, yes, hmmm
i hate medication. it makes me feel different.	You how do positive? think so, Difficult question, this is
so how do you think positive?	Things. nice think about i, Difficult question, this is
i think about nice things.	What? like, Yes, hmmm
like what?	Beach, sand. in my like toes with day at the the a, Yes, hmmm
i cut my finger.	How that? do did you, Yes, hmmm
how did you do that?	A paper cut. it's, Difficult question, this is
it's a paper cut.	Can be paper dangerous., Yes, yes, hmmm
paper can be dangerous.	Hurts, it too., Yes, hmmm
it hurts, too.	A cuts can paper hurt lot., Yes, yes, hmmm
paper cuts can hurt a lot.	Are where band-aids? the, Yes, hmmm
where are the band-aids?	In the i think medicine they're cabinet., Yes, hmmm
i think they're in the medicine cabinet.	Finger. of my tip it's the on, Yes, hmmm
it's on the tip of my finger.	Band-aid might not a work., Yes, yes, hmmm
a band-aid might not work.	Not use finger i cut this heals. must the until, Difficult question, this is
i must not use this finger until the cut heals.	Two it or might day take a to heal., Yes, yes, hmmm
do you smell that?	Oh, yes., Difficult question, this is
oh, yes.	Can't stand i smoke. cigarette, Yes, hmmm
i can't stand cigarette smoke.	Smells it bad. so, Difficult question, this is
it smells so bad.	Sidewalk. cigarette one the whole up stinks, Yes, yes, hmmm
one cigarette stinks up the whole sidewalk.	Think cool. so smokers are they, Difficult question, this is
smokers think they are so cool.	Weak. they so are, Difficult question, this is
they are so weak.	Cigarette controls them. a little, Yes, hmmm
a little cigarette controls them.	They a puff. so stupid look taking, Yes, hmmm
they look so stupid taking a puff.	Of they blow their then out mouth. and smoke, Difficult question, this is
and then they blow smoke out of their mouth.	They think it's cool., Yes, hmmm
they think it's cool.	Cigarettes stink., Yes, hmmm
do you have a cold?	Yes, i do., Yes, hmmm
yes, i do.	You get did it? how, Difficult question, this is
how did you get it?	It cold. gave to my a sister she had me., Difficult question, this is
my sister had a cold. she gave it to me.	Anything your taken for you cold? have, Yes, yes, hmmm
have you taken anything for your cold?	Just nose i a blow no, my lot., Difficult question, this is
no, i just blow my nose a lot.	Up? nose stopped is your, Difficult question, this is
your nose is stopped up?	I breathe my yes. have mouth. through to, Yes, yes, hmmm
yes. i have to breathe through my mouth.	Nose tried have you drops?, Yes, yes, hmmm
have you tried nose drops?	Drops. nose don't no, i like, Difficult question, this is
no, i don't like nose drops.	Great. work they, Yes, hmmm
they work great.	Put care. my i don't drops to nose. in i like don't, Difficult question, this is
would you put suntan lotion on my back, please?	Sure., Yes, yes, hmmm
sure.	You. thank, Difficult question, this is
thank you.	You sun shouldn't for the in long. too lie, Yes, hmmm
you shouldn't lie in the sun for too long.	To i tan. pale. so look i get want don't to want a, Yes, hmmm
i want to get a tan. i don't want to look so pale.	What's pale? wrong with looking, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's wrong with looking pale?	You might people be sick. think, Difficult question, this is
people think you might be sick.	Thinks who that?, Difficult question, this is
who thinks that?	Know. i don't, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't know.	Be pale have it's than better skin to cancer. to, Difficult question, this is
it's better to be pale than to have skin cancer.	That. i know, Difficult question, this is
i know that.	Too lie the don't long! why so arguing in you with me? sun are, Yes, yes, hmmm
i can't quit smoking.	Of you can. course, Yes, hmmm
of course you can.	Enough don't power. will have i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i don't have enough will power.	Do. you of course, Yes, yes, hmmm
of course you do.	I i never wish started. had, Difficult question, this is
i wish i had never started.	So does every smoker., Yes, hmmm
so does every smoker.	Times. quit so to i've tried many, Difficult question, this is
i've tried to quit so many times.	Everyone so else. has, Yes, yes, hmmm
so has everyone else.	To seems nothing work., Difficult question, this is
nothing seems to work.	Have you will it. it takes power, and all is, Yes, hmmm
all it takes is will power, and you have it.	Why quit? i can't then, Yes, yes, hmmm
then why can't i quit?	Have to you yourself. in believe, Yes, yes, hmmm
my back is killing me.	Do? you did what, Yes, yes, hmmm
what did you do?	My of out i car. got, Yes, yes, hmmm
i got out of my car.	It? that's, Yes, hmmm
that's it?	One time back sneezing. by just injured i my, Yes, hmmm
i injured my back one time just by sneezing.	See doctor. a should you, Yes, hmmm
you should see a doctor.	Need doctor said my i surgery., Yes, yes, hmmm
my doctor said i need surgery.	So?, Yes, yes, hmmm
so?	So, it. forget, Difficult question, this is
so, forget it.	You have money? don't the, Yes, hmmm
you don't have the money?	Have no i insurance., Difficult question, this is
i have no insurance.	Back would a rub maybe help., Difficult question, this is
my brother smokes three packs a day.	Three of what? packs, Yes, hmmm
three packs of what?	Course. of cigarettes,, Yes, hmmm
cigarettes, of course.	He that? do how can, Yes, hmmm
how can he do that?	Finished uses it he he cigarette, another. one when almost with is to light, Yes, yes, hmmm
when he is almost finished with one cigarette, he uses it to light another.	He's chain a smoker., Yes, yes, hmmm
he's a chain smoker.	Years. he's a been for 30 chain smoker, Yes, hmmm
he's been a chain smoker for 30 years.	He breathe? unbelievable. can still that's, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's unbelievable. can he still breathe?	But him he the can, can't. people around, Yes, yes, hmmm
he can, but the people around him can't.	How still can be alive? he, Yes, hmmm
how can he still be alive?	Says doctor and his and are heart healthy. his lungs strong, Yes, hmmm
his doctor says his heart and lungs are strong and healthy.	Start smoking. should maybe i, Yes, hmmm
i hate brushing my teeth.	A such it's chore., Difficult question, this is
it's such a chore.	Brush, spit. brush. spit,, Difficult question, this is
brush, brush. spit, spit.	They what the did old do in days?, Yes, hmmm
what did they do in the old days?	Brushed they their with fingers., Yes, yes, hmmm
they brushed with their fingers.	Also their ate they with fingers!, Difficult question, this is
they also ate with their fingers!	Days? they why do the old call good it, Yes, yes, hmmm
why do they call it the good old days?	And didn't brush floss. they maybe to have because, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe because they didn't have to brush and floss.	Flossing? invented who, Yes, yes, hmmm
who invented flossing?	I'm dentist, sure. a, Yes, yes, hmmm
a dentist, i'm sure.	Than brushing! i more flossing hate, Difficult question, this is
i hate flossing more than brushing!	My fall till all teeth wait out. can't i, Yes, hmmm
let's stop for a while. i need a break and some water.	To hard is climb. this trail, Yes, hmmm
this trail is hard to climb.	Like day on hot a this. especially, Difficult question, this is
especially on a hot day like this.	Haven't any can't seen i believe we animals., Difficult question, this is
i can't believe we haven't seen any animals.	I thank to goodness! see want wild don't any animals., Yes, hmmm
thank goodness! i don't want to see any wild animals.	Is we've so seen a far couple of all lizards., Yes, yes, hmmm
all we've seen so far is a couple of lizards.	Bears. hiking goats lose we're to not and see weight, to, Yes, yes, hmmm
we're hiking to lose weight, not to see goats and bears.	Of lost pounds i couple i've a already. bet, Yes, yes, hmmm
i bet i've lost a couple of pounds already.	Lost you've is sweat. all some, Yes, yes, hmmm
all you've lost is some sweat.	One fat? lost haven't i of even pound, Difficult question, this is
i haven't even lost one pound of fat?	Lose every do you've fat, this you if day. to want to got hike, Yes, hmmm
if you want to lose fat, you've got to do this hike every day.	See. but hike cats there least in and to let's okay, at are town. dogs, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh no, another pimple on my face.	Suck. pimples, Yes, yes, hmmm
pimples suck.	New it almost seems a pimple like every get day. i, Difficult question, this is
it seems like i get a new pimple almost every day.	Something maybe it's diet. in your, Yes, yes, hmmm
maybe it's something in your diet.	Day day. eat things after the same i no,, Yes, yes, hmmm
no, i eat the same things day after day.	Genes. maybe in your then it's, Yes, hmmm
then maybe it's in your genes.	Might be right. you, Difficult question, this is
you might be right.	Pimples family? your in do run, Yes, yes, hmmm
do pimples run in your family?	I've noticed. that not, Yes, hmmm
not that i've noticed.	Well, from in pollution it's the the maybe air., Yes, yes, hmmm
well, maybe it's from the pollution in the air.	Cause, hate seeing on my whatever face. them i the, Yes, yes, hmmm
whatever the cause, i hate seeing them on my face.	They're bright the on fun pop. side, well, to, Yes, hmmm
do you believe everything you hear?	Believe don't anything with i i my own don't eyes. see, Yes, hmmm
i don't believe anything i don't see with my own eyes.	You hear on tv radio. what believe or can't you, Yes, yes, hmmm
you can't believe what you hear on tv or radio.	In believe read what you you newspapers. the can't, Yes, hmmm
you can't believe what you read in the newspapers.	Thing. a about the same different everyone story you tells, Difficult question, this is
everyone tells you a different story about the same thing.	Will stories. different different give three people you three, Yes, yes, hmmm
three different people will give you three different stories.	Government story. you will fourth give and a the, Difficult question, this is
and the government will give you a fourth story.	About flu. the not swine yes, the worry government like to says, Yes, hmmm
yes, like the government says not to worry about the swine flu.	People killed 20 but flu mexico. in just the swine, Yes, yes, hmmm
but the swine flu just killed 20 people in mexico.	Worry about. have the says we nothing to government, Yes, yes, hmmm
the government says we have nothing to worry about.	Some the telling why to are home? kids stay schools then, Yes, yes, hmmm
then why are some schools telling the kids to stay home?	Be government okay. all hands our the we'll says frequently, and to wash, Yes, yes, hmmm
don't pick your nose.	Wasn't nose. picking i my, Difficult question, this is
i wasn't picking my nose.	Were you what doing?, Yes, hmmm
what were you doing?	I nose. scratching my was, Yes, yes, hmmm
i was scratching my nose.	And picking i the know between difference i think scratching., Difficult question, this is
i think i know the difference between picking and scratching.	Maybe a i mom, was little picking bit. it okay,, Difficult question, this is
okay, mom, maybe i was picking it a little bit.	A next use time. tissue, Yes, hmmm
use a tissue next time.	A i tissue. didn't have, Yes, hmmm
i didn't have a tissue.	A you find till then wait tissue., Yes, yes, hmmm
then wait till you find a tissue.	Was i an couldn't wait. it emergency., Difficult question, this is
i couldn't wait. it was an emergency.	911. maybe called oh, you should really? have, Yes, yes, hmmm
oh, really? maybe you should have called 911.	Of that emergency. it wasn't kind, Difficult question, this is
our tv remote is filthy.	With yes, covered it's crud., Yes, yes, hmmm
yes, it's covered with crud.	I'm to it. going clean, Yes, hmmm
i'm going to clean it.	It! water don't use on, Difficult question, this is
don't use water on it!	Damp use cloth. a i'll, Difficult question, this is
i'll use a damp cloth.	Let the of cracks. water don't any into get, Yes, hmmm
don't let water get into any of the cracks.	The almost dry. cloth so i'll it's squeeze, Difficult question, this is
i'll squeeze the cloth so it's almost dry.	Numbers don't rub the remote. the off, Difficult question, this is
don't rub the numbers off the remote.	Will firmly. rub but i gently, Yes, yes, hmmm
i will rub gently but firmly.	During please, commercials. i change channels it quickly, do so can, Difficult question, this is
do it quickly, please, so i can change channels during commercials.	Of in back couple i'll a give you it to minutes., Yes, yes, hmmm
i'll give it back to you in a couple of minutes.	We plastic it in should clean. keep bag put a it maybe to, Yes, yes, hmmm
my ear is killing me.	What's the matter?, Yes, hmmm
what's the matter?	I on plane. was a, Yes, yes, hmmm
i was on a plane.	So?, Yes, yes, hmmm
so?	The to my plane every ear time up, goes starts hurt. so,, Difficult question, this is
so, every time the plane goes up, my ear starts to hurt.	No good. that's, Difficult question, this is
that's no good.	The sometimes it and doesn't. pain sometimes goes away,, Yes, yes, hmmm
sometimes the pain goes away, and sometimes it doesn't.	You a have seen doctor?, Yes, hmmm
have you seen a doctor?	To two doctors. been i've, Difficult question, this is
i've been to two doctors.	Problem? and they couldn't fix your, Yes, yes, hmmm
and they couldn't fix your problem?	Have to it. live said both they with i, Difficult question, this is
they both said i have to live with it.	Stay or can planes. off you, Yes, hmmm
did you see the woman with the new face?	Job? a get did nice she, Yes, hmmm
did she get a nice job?	Job! "everything" an got she, Difficult question, this is
she got an "everything" job!	What mean? do you, Yes, hmmm
what do you mean?	Team new her a of doctors face. whole gave a, Yes, yes, hmmm
a team of doctors gave her a whole new face.	Did why they do that?, Yes, hmmm
why did they do that?	Off. dog bit face mad of her most a, Yes, hmmm
a mad dog bit most of her face off.	What now? oh, terrible. does that's she like look, Difficult question, this is
oh, that's terrible. what does she look like now?	Face go is say her the fat, but down. will they really swelling, Difficult question, this is
her face is really fat, but they say the swelling will go down.	She then will again? and normal look, Yes, hmmm
and then will she look normal again?	Guess so. i, Yes, yes, hmmm
i guess so.	Medicine. bless god modern, Yes, yes, hmmm
there's something wrong with my right hand.	It? what's with wrong, Yes, yes, hmmm
what's wrong with it?	Of most it aches the time., Yes, hmmm
it aches most of the time.	It you think what do is?, Yes, hmmm
what do you think it is?	I think it's don't i old know. age., Difficult question, this is
i don't know. i think it's old age.	Your don't of hurt? why it's old both if hands age,, Difficult question, this is
if it's old age, why don't both of your hands hurt?	Question. not age. it's a that's maybe old good, Yes, yes, hmmm
that's a good question. maybe it's not old age.	You are right-handed?, Yes, hmmm
are you right-handed?	All my yes. life., Difficult question, this is
yes. all my life.	Stop hand. you're so out much. your using right it wearing, Difficult question, this is
you're wearing out your right hand. stop using it so much.	With my all my right i do but writing hand., Yes, hmmm
but i do all my writing with my right hand.	That way the instead. typing left work. half start hand do your will, Yes, hmmm
